its thin wire with key rings on the end .
i found this processor on amazon and bought it .
i bought these 2 years ago and loved them .
so both front and back are well protected .
only slimmer case with port covers worth a damn .
will never buy another product from this brand .
spend the extra couple dollars for a linksys .
its comfortable as it is really so very baggy .
i 'm using a dell laptop with windows xp .
the knife it self is not so great .
it makes knives as sharp as razor blades .
it 's a heavy son of a gun though .
i did not get a brown cow dog toy .
but it did n't quite do what coffee does .
the food bin is made of very thin plastic .
a couple of things to be aware of .
other than that delievery was on time as projected .
this is a very solid and secure armband .
i 'm using windows 7 64 bit operating system .
ladies and gentlemen , i have some terrible news .
i got mine less than a month ago .
we returned it and got a 2nd one .
i liken them more to long johns than sweatpants .
this tape is exactly what i was looking for .
it was very flimsy and the connection was flaky .
bought the white one for my artisan kitchenaid mixer .
cast iron is the original non stick cookware .
the unit is sturdy and easy to use .
i love my iphone , with all my apps .
i with i had n't bought 3 of these .
original purchases early 2012 - it is now august .
all of these symptoms manifest within 4 hours .
some of them were kind of stale too .
the one and only redeeming feature is the price .
even stainless steel will rust in the right conditions .
i figured it 'd go away by the morning .
she otherwise likes balls , rattles and other items .
you can download one off the internet for free .
my first project with this was to make rigatoni .
for the price , they are a great investment .
the glass on the iphone 4 is good enough .
i 've personally had better results with herbal essence .
all-clad makes the best cookware in america , period .
but i found that it was n't very effective .
our other one similar to this wore out .
this would have been my 4th hush puppies footwear .
try adding just a few pinches if needed .
so happy that i did n't pay this much .
the next morning it would not stay lit .
a few obstacles had to be met first .
i should have gotten one a lot time ago .
this is a great product for any kitchen .
they are well made and fit your hand nicely .
one for snapping photos and one for recording .
it did not keep the bugs off of me .
it does the job and has a handy cover .
this product did nothing to help grow my nails .
this toy started leaking within the first 12 hours .
i can get as far as installing it .
i strongly advise people to get good knives .
so the tech agrees to send a shipping box .
the price was right but the photo is misleading .
i purchased both a 10000 & 5600 batteries .
it never did cut through anything at all .
battery fit my phone and has held up great .
and i was my boards as i use them .
i could put a party-rye loaf on it .
shipping weight for twelve bars is 1.4 pounds .
it is not a lightweight formula as advertised .
do not expect these to be quality hardened steel .
first off , these hot handle holders are affordable .
film material is good so i gave 2 .
the quality of these tablets seemed very poor .
it was too cheap to hassle with the return .
i keep different flours and sugar in each .
these are a great value and super cute .
actual product received looks very different from the photo .
it 's the texture that gets a little tricky .
i got this for our ladder in our garage .
i 'm going to return for a different brand .
he likes the case and it shipped fast .
great because it adjusts to many different battery sizes .
my daughter is totally not interested in this toy .
melee made the experience richer and more satisfying .
that said , it does sufficiently waterproof the shoes .
save your money for the good espresso maker .
i had to have mine altered by a taylor .
this vacuum fit the bill perfectly.it is very light .
heavy duty nylon with a nice velcro securing system .
amazon will not accept returns on grocery items .
for that purpose it works exactly as it should .
for this money it is a great purchase .
gave this game about 3 hours of my time .
a rubber mallet is required to gently loosen them .
for the wine drinkers and at a great price .
i hope they see a brighter than i do .
as always in amazon , a flawless buying experience .
for the price you cant beat the quality .
we did a nice trout minuere last evening .
the waist is correct , so is the inseam .
the included seasoning packets make great tasting jerky .
looks bad and cut off seems to be off .
it was way too expensive for what it does .
i 've ordered non-oem chargers before from other manufacturers .
where the rave reviews come from mystifies me totally .
it tells me room temperature is 210 degrees .
the left side is almost mute after 3 months .
still worth it for the versatility of the appliance.2 .
i tried it in other outlets but no luck .
i like this travel model equally as well .
they are made very well , with excellent detail .
most bike gear does at least for me .
i hate having to pay so much for them .
this cereal was like trying to eat tree bark .
i put it on easily with no bubbles .
you can hardly hear the voice in it .
it has been well-used in the past three months .
i shared them with my friends and family .
sure looks good sitting out there though.2/16/09 update .
i would glady trade bulkiness for added protection .
that is the third hoya i have purchased .
i used it for literally everything i cooked .
it 's also free of potentially harmful non-stick coatings .
for the value , this is a excellent product .
it should be a mandatory accessory with phones .
i checked amazon to check toaster user ratings .
i have purchased these for gifts as well .
we should be hard on sequels to great games .
hard to move and hard to stick yet again .
i see now why he does n't like it .
the educational value of this game is pretty low .
stays flush and elegant plugged in the car lighter .
old diablo players will go ho-hum with this one .
this material did not breath well at all .
keep one at home and in the office .
8pm : preheat bottle and fill with boiling liquid .
we 're thinking of purchasing the salt mill also .
apple should remove their name from this product .
i never bought the ricer for ricing potatoes .
i like the cover on it as well .
this caddy helped me with my cleaning jobs .
it really work nice for drainin vegetables and pastas .
this is exactly what i was looking for .
there are no repair parts available for out-of-warranty repair .
very happy with the red snap on cover .
and this time the itching was unbearable right away .
it 's a bummer because they are so cute .
this stone was not able to meet my needs .
made it for the first time tonight and blech .
heed that and one should not be disappointed .
i did n't believe it till i tried it .
it ran over in gobs in the oven .
it is also time-consuming because the turns take forever .
i tried two of these and just got frustrated .
this one was enough for about a week .
the full bag indicator is not always acurate .
i finally just unplugged it so i could sleep .
the glass is very thick , but not quality .
the grinder was received timely and without damage .
the last few pages are the most important .
outside of that , this is a great product .
i saw these and decided to get them .
occassional blue screens when the drive is removed .
dealing with their customer service representatives was horrible .
i also found this makeup very difficult to remove .
if it does its of virgin olive oil .
it has a latex outside and foam inside .
i 'd buy this unit again in a second .
this cover snaps in together in the middle .
sadly , i am sending this back to amazon .
tried others buy find that these are the best .
i washed it well and it looked fine .
either way you pull it , it look hideous .
auto option works well and controls are user friendly .
i will stick with the hp gold cd-r discs .
a great product even though made in china .
i did this while making the waffle batter .
i am so excited to make pasta now .
this is my second oxo travel coffee mug .
i think that we got winxp to notice it .
this used to be available as the g.e .
i like this pan , it serves its purpose .
i recommend kotex tampons instead of the tampax pearl .
she 's 5'3 and about 140-150 pounds or so .
the instructions say to wipe with a damp cloth .
socks and underwear were taking over my drying rack .
this allowed the screws to be installed without problem .
the pieces were very small in this mix .
i was originally hesitant to purchase this product .
i 'm glad i found this one so cheap .
my hair is very thick , curly and long .
this is a lovely addition to my collection .
it 's just overall not an ergonomically designed item .
the various sizes with lids is really nice .
i have 12s on an epiphone joe pass model .
corelle has managed to stay affordable without losing quality .
getting it attached to the tank is not intuitive .
ihave used it now for about three weeks .
the case is not slick but it is smooth .
after playing 3-4 times , i gave up entirely .
this one sits on our shelf collecting dust .
works great as a spatula , mixing spoon etc .
my ankles are a bit exposed if i move .
it was like the arch started under my heel .
i 've had this filter for over a year .
i do n't like the way it mixes up .
this is very simple product but quite effective .
there is no mentioning of corduroys in thedescription .
i received this product a couple days ago .
the should not have the digital click sounds .
the feet were just fine with no glue globs .
one down , seventeen tea bags left to go .
the enchanting becky thatcher is reduced to a tomboy .
buy only the minutes you need each month .
i will not be buying any more merkur products .
if you own one , please take this advice .
i 've been using this for several weeks not .
i believe they have a smaller size one though .
it works ok in my camry and ford vehicles .
i would not recommend this to a friend .
i work downtown chicago and i take the train .
the q does all that and more.update 6/16/06ok .
i previously used the more expensive 3m from target .
that means they help you make round muffins .
i 'm too lazy to recalibrate for this pitcher .
but you do have to fix it up .
it is actually a different product title when received .
it also serves nicely as a high quality pen .
i used the adapter with my galaxy s2 .
the taste is good and somewhat true to miso .
hinges fall off , causing the case to separate .
no problem with screen visibility even in bright sunlight .
the description said it did when i bought it .
i am surprised considering all the good reviews .
this is a very good high quality sharpening steel .
there are 3 seats in the ferris wheel .
also purchased a true oxo stir fry wok spatula/turner .
i do like lots of other philosophy products .
the new one fits nicely and recharges fine .
recharges quickly and connects with itunes on pc .
you get to create your hero from scratch .
but not with these really good quality measuring cups .
i am african american with natural 4b typed hair .
i have never been dissapointed with an oxo product .
there is n't much to any of the supplies .
i know he does not charge them every day .
stylish but not to flashy for a man .
if i did i would not have bought mine .
the hd841 remained locked in the 2 ch mode .
i nearly sprained my wrists trying to knead it .
bought enough spare canisters to open 600 bottles .
i regard valve and sierra as thieves and criminals .
does not handle background or wind noise very well .
do not waste your time or money on this .
it comes with a cloth to clean the mount .
i do like their other products a lot .
very convenient and we do not taste anything unusual .
this is a great tool for measuring liquid ingredients .
im giving it a 4 star mainly on price .
so far , the wire is holding up fine .
i expect this knife will last my lifetime .
already ordered a different one to replace it .
she 'll never notice.and the clicking expansion works perfect .
it really does keep my coffee hot all day .
my old pairs of kitchen scissors have been retired .
the metal is strong and the gasket is great .
it gets better every time i use it .
these were very reasonably priced and work very well .
this is the best handset i have used .
the 30-35 ft in the spec is accurate .
i wish adverts would stop lying to us already .
there is also a stabilizer which can be added .
what can you say about a chip bag .
the c3 in particular has been my favorite .
i have a big house with lots of stairs .
they stretch out of shape after a few hours .
but now it runs steady as a rock .
i have had friends and family make this mistake .
no worries about moving the wands to position them .
i looked and looked for the right juicer .
and the story itself is not appealing to me .
the mount can also pivot left/right or up/down .
coffee and it fits fine and works great .
i would recommend halo 's dental chew than greenies .
wish i had more to say about this product .
the bowl has been through the dishwasher many times .
the silver lining part just fell right off .
ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly .
cracker much too hard for me to chew .
it does just what i had in mind .
however , the cutter performs the task fairly well .
she squealed with excitement when she opened her gift .
we run it daily for the past year .
and the third installment adds nothing to the game .
no issues with it as i know of .
my husband and kids also tried with no success .
this was a waste of a purchase for me .
i love most of their products - except this .
this is a great starter kit for the price .
our small dog chews on her toys a lot .
and dont want to carry a purse or wallet .
my daughter does like the little ice cube tray .
you will absolutely love baking with this pan .
this is our 12th fiesta 10 1/4 oz mug .
no point on putting it in-front of the trigger .
they have idoits with no training answering the phones .
i was recommend this product cause its great .
the suction feet really keep this in place .
i guess it will make a good door-stop .
they came well packed and were shipped right away .
ill definitely recommend this product to a friend .
this is a great product - for diffusing heat .
it comes with a reusable filter which saves money .
the knife glides through meat and vegetables very easily .
a fairly sturdy case great for short term uses .
between every screen is a 25 second load time .
what higher praise for a toaster.it looks good to .
the smell and taste is like burnt something .
this device seems to handle that pretty well .
it 's really dry and scratchy on your skin .
too bad because the click noise is good .
tastes like the pink medicine the doctor gives you .
she uses it for her spices and nuts etc .
i tried these and the royal oak peanuts .
both kids hated them and spit them out .
bad cops are obtained the exact opposite way .
this product is easily adaptable for multible uses .
i will not be ordering this brand again though .
very nice and easy to put on the phone .
the product shipped was not the product advertised .
it will hold about two cups of flour .
i have tried evrything to get money nohting works .
without making it mushy like the microwave does .
i live in an old house with no yard .
i took the coffee pot out and examined it .
perhaps that is why she wo n't touch this .
i recieved this cake plate a couple weeks ago .
so i got it for him as a gift .
they just kept moving and walked out of it .
was not in any way just for a girl .
i am down-grading this hose from 5 to 1-star .
i was n't expecting it to be so oily .
it was more trouble than it was worth .
i think this is the most solid story yet .
i did n't want a bulky leather book-type cover .
this was for my boyfriend and he likes it .
i did not see and increase at all .
i just want to have fun with this game .
i keep it oiled and use it often .
in sum , it was a waste of money .
it is easy to use and comfortable to hold .
i tried this unit and the kaito an-200 .
warning : these can playback at extremely high decibles .
a large number of entries simply do not work .
it was a waste of money for me .
used this on vacation and it was very helpful .
the anker is a great external battery charger .
the storage case is a nice and convient .
we used it and it worked just fine .
other than that it worked ok i guess .
so it forced me to purchase another charger .
this utensil is too long , thick and bulky .
perfect size and just what i needed and wanted .
after using koss products for years i am disappointed .
works great for protecting the screen of the phone .
if you want to get healthy..this can assist you .
this was a christmas gift for my son .
this is not the genius the first one was .
i have loved jawbone prime since it came out .
the worst purchase i have ever made from amazon .
no more poked fingers rummaging through the drawer .
this item charged up and is goodunder normal use .
some reviewers even talked about bass being great .
works like a charm , even on thick crusts .
it defaults to not checked for broadest app compatibility .
this is the first bluetooth headset i have used .
and the thicker the better with this machine .
these tops fit my old mason jars perfectly .
the cover is great for storage.we definitely recommend .
consumer reports 2002 rated this vaccuum a best buy .
i tried it several times with the same result .
i really liked that feature on the breadman .
the nonstick surface meant it cleaned up very easily .
it makes no difference to this awesome mount .
this is not the way i want to smell .
are there more sophisticated grinders out there ? yes .
every chew was identical , very thin and brittle .
coffee 's definition of a cup is 5 oz .
it is easier to use than a razor blade .
i believe the listed retail price is accurate .
they make good machines but not good liquid cleaner .
luckily i was able to unload it on e^ay .
i unscrewed this and noticed the fuse looked bad .
just what i needed in the funnel area .
spent almost an hour , tried all different techniques .
i never really trust buying batteries on amazon .
received promptly and in pristine shape from vendor .
i do n't like residues sitting on my skin .
there are so many adjustments on this chair .
this is why i rate a two star .
lesson learned : get the l series next time .
i will stay away from sony in the future .
so glad i ordered this with my food processor .
probably the end of the larry-games for good .
i am really looking forward to receive this merchandise .
i just played the demo to this game .
so far i am very pleased with this cooker .
at least the people gave me a full refund .
in the future i may get other sizes .
the product is what it says it is .
he ended up shaving them a bit wider .
it even works with my screen protector on .
only the thin chocolate coating has a sweet taste .
i did not use much of the product .
the smooth surface works great with a silicone spatula .
first off i do not recommend paying full price .
a very good and reliable battery to use .
i bought one for home and one for work .
the other reviewers mention this problem as well .
it was delivered quickly and was exactly as described .
did n't get suckered into a third party seller .
i returned it after less than two days .
i normally wear a large and ordered a large .
not very many bright sunny days in halo 2 .
free shipping and no sales tax made the difference .
i was pleasantly surprised and would highly recommend .
the best usb cable i have purchase yet .
they are great for pasta , stews and casseroles .
i like the simple elegance of these glasses .
ca n't say it even helped my neck problem .
the warming pad shuts off after 30 minutes .
sirve con cualquier salida usb para recargar electronicos .
no problem , put phone into holster top down .
the mike wand is only 4 1/2 inches long .
i would recommend something else with a longer life .
the 4g phone is actually an iphone 4s .
i was deep in the upper mojave desert .
once the filter was removed , focusing was rapid .
i bought a monster cassette adapter for my wife .
this case is really nice for the price .
but i did n't have any problems with installation .
thorough pleased with easy in dumping the containment .
i wear a size 8 in skinny jeans .
i guarantee it is nothing like fs 2000 .
it has worked great for slicing cucumbers as well .
i just with they were half this price .
you cant always readily tell when it fully down .
glaring and frowning like i 'm an animal abuser .
now that it is together i am using it .
they do not die , but lose some oomph .
these fit the bill - half gallon capacity .
the holes on the brush are so small .
easy to clean and well worth the money ! .
i will not give this product to my pet .
so i have no functioning complaints until something malfunctions .
the 360 is already noisier than it should be .
the rate of random encounters is extremely annoying .
hard plastic piece next to flap at bottom cracked .
i bought one for my brother and three friends .
the mug is sturdy and keeps the coffee warm .
then i noticed the discoloration of the hardwood floors .
this thing drains its battery doing absolutely nothing .
as a speaker phone , the jambox works great .
it almost makes no difference compared to regular shorts .
i answered a call using a wired headset .
i reviewed the first garlic press that i bought .
it was delivered on time by the vendor .
end result , i end up giving them away .
after the first time i tolerated it much better .
i could not believe how fast it was delivered .
i have a feeling i 'll be returning it .
do not waste your hard earned money on civ3 .
photos are compressed as jpegs inside the camera .
it has always come in a different package .
an oem car charger for a great price .
i will never buy anything else from these crooks .
after waiting two months i received my replacement cables .
so just be careful with a tool like this .
finally a few months later it is dead .
this is the second time i ordered this product .
he used it on christmas morning to make breakfast .
easily washable and is of very good quality .
it lastest only a few hours of therapy .
the glossy stainless steel is attractive and prevents sticking .
what an unconditional waste of time and money ! .
pressure cooking reduces cooking time for many dishes .
i bought 2 and used them to bake cookies .
this is a problem identified in earlier reviews .
i kept having my 9810 fall off my leg .
the sound is great but that is subjective .
i ordered this clamp to attach a small speaker .
it is attractive on dark almost black countertops .
front 1/2 of fender mount snapped right off .
it was not flush on the top left corner .
it 's a great coffee grinder for the price .
never been so disappointed in a seidio product .
my nephew was never able to use it .
uh , mine takes 5-10 minutes max to pre-heat .
it holds just enough of my shower stuff .
i am ordering my 3rd and 4th ovens .
they shoot eachother and set themselves on fire .
i am so glad to have found it .
adjusting the mower height is really easy too .
i hope the baking cops do n't find out .
these shoes were made for extremely small feet .
at the end of every single work day .
the repair-man strongly suggested buying a different brand .
this take away the fun value of the game .
will be returning to store first thing tomorrow .
quality control on these is not good at all .
i put it in a juice with diluted water .
i would have paid double after receiving it .
they are on all ladders as an osha standard .
i like to grind my own meat at home .
it fits inside my pot to steam broccoli .
i 'm not happy with this game at all .
this game does n't compare to world of warcraft .
replaced bowl and cover parts for older processor .
and i had no problem with the batteries .
you can just look down from the top .
maybe i have a different kind of algae .
i still would highly recommend this battery though .
i can not taste or smell any other spice .
i have n't had any problems with this unit .
he claimed that only the wireless portion should work .
this looks nice and should be in every kitchen .
the icarrier is another well built battery by them .
i thought they where the best ever made .
this is a great value case for the iphone .
i never go to starbucks anymore for coffee .
side pork is just plain pork with nothing added .
more recently one of the elements died completely .
these have a limited amount of fun in them .
it is sturdy and the mechanism works smoothly .
all i do is run around and die .
it has 7 b vitamins to enhance energy naturally .
just an fyi if you 're looking to purchase .
convenient that it does n't have to be refrigerated .
this blender works well but time will tell .
the short version is they did not fit .
we will never be buying a cuisinart product again .
the jar lifter certainly made things a lot easier .
i guess your average mouse is not tiny .
it will get stuck in the burr grinder .
its lightweight fibrox handle fits my smallish hand perfectly .
force feedback works great , steering works great but .
this is my first experience cooking with cast iron .
it took me a while to figure that out .
our wire whip broke , believe it or not .
it did nothing to heal the canker sore .
it just what i needed and it fits great .
we tried everything and it still did not work .
upon further inspection it was marred prior to delivery .
i started freaking that the water was bad .
for a family of two it is perfect .
i was getting poor accuracy and was frustrated .
after i 've used them for a couple months .
butter can be melted on the top.easy cleanup .
i do n't really like the msg in them .
i bought it to my five years daughter .
see below though for more comments on video playback .
this is not our first choice but second choice .
the engraved quantities are clear and easy to read .
this is a very loose fitting wig cap .
this one is comfortable and effortless to use .
saves space and keeps the blade and me safe .
i 'm fairly sure this product is the cause .
they are ill fitting and way too tight .
they are really convenient & easy to use .
trading migraines for intestinal troubles was not my goal .
voice quality and wind noise seem to be acceptable .
holds things in both directions , doubling the capacity .
i worry about contaminations/poisons from the under-regulated chinese source .
the phone i received was a french version .
they look like a mini bowl with a handle .
and the prices it too much for the size .
exp was not expired , but noodle was rancid .
i have not had any problems with these .
it is of 18/10 stainless steel and solid .
very strong/sturdy , and a very very nice design .
they pull it out after a few tries .
i have had this skillet for a long time .
this case is well worth the cheap price .
this happens even with nylon or wooden utensils .
turns out she thought it was worthless also .
i use whisks nearly every time i cook .
skip the zappers and traps and use deet .
i bought this for my mom for christmas .
i had to toss my old garlic press .
for the price , the build quality seems good .
yes i use high fat ingredients per recipes provided .
i really like the shape of these measuring cups .
and then it 's over before you know it .
purchased to hold my iphone 4 in my vehicle .
what a let down for my son and i .
this adapter has been working flawlessly without issue .
it is very sturdy and gets the job done .
great for salt , pepper and hot pepper flakes .
i really dont know what the hype is about .
the sticks are very brittle and break easily .
best used for secondary stimulations with another primary device .
the customer service with this cover is amazing also .
the main problem with it is the wheels .
it makes them as crisp as you like .
i 'd recommend it and worth the price paid .
i use this almost exclusively to bake bread .
first down dog , my hands wouldnt stay put .
i purchased these to give my uggs a rest .
should have bought one before buying the multi-pack .
*** this review has been updated as of 7/23/2013 .
old ) about a week to get it down .
i did this several times with no luck .
i received this item and it was dented .
spent more time pushing them back in my ears .
the pizza just slid off with no coaxing .
works very well with vegetables as well as meat .
but it fits snugly and provides decent protection .
i wanted something i could actually cook with .
works great in dual phone mode as well .
hopefully , this one will not be a lemon .
so i am in need of something industrial grade .
spend the extra money for the peace of mind .
also small enough to take with you anywhere .
the insoles would keep slipping inside the shoe .
also , the nut securing the tensioner was missing .
this is a $ 120 difference in 5 years .
pans such as this one do need occasional seasoning .
there was almost nothing i liked about this product .
it is , but it is juice from concentrate .
yay , i can only carry 20 of each .
this lightweight headset is clear in reception and transmission .
everything else i would actually buy something else .
i am going to buy a few more colors .
i ca n't take this case off my phone .
excellent way to keep my stand-up mixer dust free .
i have only seen those made out of wood .
they are all doing their business properly now .
i will be ordering more since they work perfectly .
i called meguires and told them what happened .
i purchased this prior to going on vacation .
an excellent product making it easy to do .
the finish is nice and it looks quite durable .
just as stable as the oem samsung battery .
just keep your extra buck/fifty in your pocket .
after flat ironing my ends were still frizz .
i never have to touch the garlic residue .
it features a power button and two volume buttons .
i like the weight and feel of the knife .
i hope i can get the one piece edition .
i keep one at work and one at home .
it was uncomfrotable and picked up lots of noise .
cleans up easily in the sink or dishwasher .
but im not rating them just the product .
i love that it fits in a coat pocket .
re-wet and re-wrap the cloth keeping the handle cool .
the item arrived on time and in excellent condition .
but the pellets do n't travel around the house .
not one of those hollow pieces of crap .
speakers were delivered and one woiuld not turn on .
turn it on to see if it 's working.10 .
not a fake as far as i could tell .
it has n't given me problems with anything though .
my phone would run out of battery so fast .
charges just fine and keeps a charge just fine .
the straps were too tight and pinched my shoulders .
so there is nothing in this milk for us .
i have this and am sorry i got it .
it was relatively cheap but looks very nice .
it 's now a must have when i travel .
i drink my coffee without sugar and without milk .
they come in handy for so many little jobs .
the rubberized grip makes it nearly impossible to drop .
these pillows are made out of very soft foam .
it is quieter than previous filters of this style .
very satisfied , great for egg wedges and slices .
not good for baking , just for making toast .
the sellers must buy them from the same supplier .
their useful range of flex is rather limited .
the scenery and models are extremely simple and plain .
my nose wrinkles every time i smell it .
i tried desperately to figure this system out .
also , parts are readily availble which is important .
i could hear it in the next room .
but in my case it was a no-go .
dachshund puppy is not interested in this toy .
they took it under the dining room table .
i leave mine directly on my kitchen island .
now , i always know where my phone it .
you have a real battle on your hands .
actual owners hardly have anything negative to say .
has taken a few falls and no damage .
also earbuds are not that comfortable when you sweat .
no mms and bt tethering out of the box .
3 days later , the fleas are actually worse .
cutting up a chicken was never this easy .
i use it a couple of times a month .
i was thrilled to find it on amazon .
they are however wasted on a game like this .
it was nice to find something in the red .
keys on the kindle work with these as well .
the lights/dials on it are nice and modern .
served the purpose of about a normal thunderbolt battery .
i used to use aluminum foil for everything .
they fit our i phones 4s like a glove .
just repeat as necessary on other areas as needed .
my desk is 2.6 feet from the floor .
but they are not pleasant to listen to .
which is unfortunate because it looks so fascinating .
great on the stove and great in the oven .
not happy with the sellers description or the product .
if you had thicker thighs would be good .
scooping was a breeze with oxo good grips .
the biggest problem i had with smackdown vs .
i will probably not buy this type again .
reinstalled my old stuff and sent this thing back .
the good news is , it dries just fine .
kids pick it up once every 2 months .
after which , the baddies will be vanquished somehow .
the smell was extremely unpleasant upon opening the package .
the navigation is a painful exercise in frustration .
sides are sloped well for tossing food while cooking .
i suppose that might be something that requires practice .
fifeall the above books are available here on amazon .
they mislaid it so i just got him another .
from there it did not agree with my system .
there 's no place for the pulp to hide .
this one is just what i was looking for .
works well , charges and holds a good charge .
it will hold a number of cones.it works .
i have used this and find it works well .
saw picture on facebook so i ordered it .
but again the water reservoir is too small .
unfortunately i only received one of the catnip toys .
it has a about a 20 inch telescoping antenna .
i received poison as a christmas gift this year .
this toy was way smaller than i expected .
arrived within a week with free super saving shipping .
they 'll randomly respawn right in front of you .
some are older models and some are brand new .
i bought this from amazon 6 years ago .
performs exactly the same as the factory battery .
this charger works for any micro port phone .
worse than the twitch i and twitch ii .
bought this for my old toshiba infinia machine .
i bought one hub and it works great .
made the iphone look different and so cool .
i bought 3 for gifts for fellow canners .
now we have this basket to stack them in .
this is the best blender i have ever owned .
it takes days for it to arrive anyway .
this was a requested gift for our daughter .
biggest waste of money of the year for me .
so i bought her one of these babies .
no leaking and no apparent danger of leaking .
had one of these knives ten years ago .
ordered package of two and just as described .
this machine is powerful.it 's also easy to clean .
pill splitter cut the pills in like 70/30 splits .
this looks like a great idea / tool .
shipment from the vendor was fast and no problem .
a cable with connectors is a simple thing .
this worked magically to steam fish and veggies .
i forgot how much i liked this keyboard .
i had this phone for a long time .
i saw no results at all with this product .
this had high reviews in a magazine i read .
the spring is weak and will probably fall out .
i wanted one of these for a while now .
this one is light weight and heats quickly .
so she is very please with her gift .
in a head-to-head comparision the results are clear .
for me it roland was a waste of money .
i would like to see a hard connection instead .
i received this french press as a christmas gift .
the protector does what it is supposed to .
these are very nice quality , very nice looking .
the imp1000 was last charged about 2 weeks ago .
cakes and cookes have all come out quite nicely .
i would love it if it would work .
it does n't look very natural in my opinion .
it stopped working after 6 weeks of use .
i had to laugh at the monkey-butt review .
buy it if you want excellent baking results .
they knew that it was 2 inches too short .
just you run of the mill popcorn popper .
majority have fragrance but baby sunscreens usually do not .
i got this for making green smoothies while traveling .
i absolutely love it and hope you will too .
do n't make it your primary usb data cable .
gameday 2001 is an average game at best .
the one exception to this is the pop chips .
i do n't like the integration with facebook either .
some machines are just hepa like-99.00 % or so .
i am very pleased with this product.thanks a lot .
i made them in minutes with this machine .
having it available via amazon is yet another bonus .
run plain patches through until they come out clean .
i probably will not be purchasing it again .
i suggest nylabone take this product off the market .
unfortunately , my experience was not a pleasant one .
this toy has limited interest for my son .
it is far too loud for indoor use .
these peanuts include cottonseed oil , a hydrogenated oil .
the device worked great for about two months .
this size saute pan belongs with every cook set .
it also bent out of shape really easily .
i would have liked a different color choice .
it looks nice and the glass is good quality .
i bot a different machine and it works great .
our lattes are two double shots plus milk .
one of the worst tastes i 've ever tasted .
i use mine mostly when cold pack canning tomatoes .
but this taste is just not for me .
there are better argan oil treatments out there .
no difference in sound and everything is very clear.3 .
it has a secure plug and a normal length .
i will not be ordering from this seller again .
they work for my slim one quite perfectly .
set up for wine storage in my closet pantry .
we use our press pot 5 times a week .
so the plastic kept coming off in that corner .
that is why the keys look so big .
about the same price as wal-mart is kroger 's .
i put it together and hung it alone .
i bought it from amazon for about 10 dollars .
it has moisturizers to make the underarms smoother .
sorry ea , but you let me down again .
i 'm still taking until i finish the bottle .
i bought two of these for my new office .
tapping it will mute or unmute the mic .
and i 'm sticking to this one for sure .
i guess you get what you pay for .
i expect that they paint will eventually fade away .
the width allows it to accept other phones too .
this is a very solid and powerful grinder .
the coffee grounds were large and uneven looking .
at least this makes a good body moisturizer .
then , it proceeded to wash and dry them .
i like the filtering funnel.well worth the price .
they are cute but they are still quite uncomfortable .
will be returning it shortly for a better model .
we where very exited to play with it .
the installation process went on without a hitch .
it made my milk taste a bit sour .
works well and no scratches on my beloved pan .
the features were just overkill in my opinion .
dropped calls are a non-issue with the phone .
when i tighten the straps , the fabric bunches .
go with the melissa and doug victorian doll family .
if you bake bread this is a must have .
the packaging is a bit of an issue though .
dunhill fresh makes me feel a bit sickened .
be very careful if you have a old door .
as other reviews have noted - they run small .
they 're not a really big deal or anything .
i played halo 2 and kind of enjoyed it .
and it was possible to complete the game .
i found this product to works very well .
and the inner piece does not get wet .
i ordered 4 when they were on sale .
the grind on the steel seems just right .
the case fits samsung exhibit ii 4g very well .
the handles make the bands very comfortable to hold .
it really looks bad after a short while .
i will definately go back to using degree brand .
worked perfectly.the stands are simple , and look great .
the snaps should be less of a problem .
i 'm not sure how long it will last .
and it is more serious than previously thought .
the front bottom half is wiggly around the button .
i did n't find anything special about this product .
we are back to buy another cordless vacuum .
i use them daily for cooking and storage .
my camera says it was manufactured in april 04 .
food also takes longer to bake than it says .
virgin mobile as a service has been great .
the swinging of the sword flows remarkably well .
i like the small storage areas on the top .
also took over a month to get the item .
this product is n't really as good as described .
works well with older laptop and a newer pc .
replaced my big countertop knife block with this .
even that is n't as handy as i thought .
love not having the cords getting tangled in car .
the bissell proheat pro-tech carpet cleaner is a marvel .
i pushed the blade down and tried again .
more sturdy than other products made of lighter materials .
this product was extremely cheap when i ordered it .
the steam is continuous unless you turn it off .
i have never before tried an energy drink .
the screws became loose after the first use .
a zero star rating would be more appropriate .
i kept ending up with burnt popcorn that way .
the cats are well cared for indoor pets .
i wish more things were built to last .
seller ships quickly and protector is great quality .
i did that wile in the bios too .
battery does exactly what it says it does .
but that defeats the purpose of hands-free phone calling .
i reheat soup in the microwave in it too .
i could not be happier about my decision .
it is incredibly easy to lose those things ! .
i 'm tired of wasting my money on garbage .
it is very powerful and easy to use .
i realize that this was not the best choice .
not enough play value for a toy this size .
now i can fill cupcake tins much faster .
you will just like to turn off your tv.2 .
this headset is very comfortable , like any other .
but the case seems to have zero adverse affect .
this is a fine case for the samsung captivate .
i will stick to my starbucks energy coffee drinks .
the black case looked really sleak and professional .
clearly , those responsible must have very tiny fingers .
you will be better off going with another roaster .
battery life seems to be ok as well .
i was looking for this long time ago .
i do n't see any real improvementfrom using this .
i do n't feel much stretching in my spine .
that translate in 1 star offi will keep it .
shorter my cooking time and pretty good meterio .
it deleted my saved data all on its own .
the second is not sticking to the bottom .
these are the perfect size for my kitchen .
you can level up pretty fast this way .
calphalon makes amazing pans the quality is unsurpassed ! .
it is just a matter of controlling heat .
i think it may have been made in china .
it fits nicely on my phone , iphone 4s .
we usually sit in the living room and eat .
really frustrating especially since they break so quickly .
same good quality as my old one was .
i purchased this for a 92 year old .
great shelf for cable boxes , dvd players etc .
at least you get to look at the diamonds .
spend the xtra dollar and get the anti-glare kind .
if you compare ff-x to ff 12 graphics cg .
cuts through rock hard ice cream no problems .
the grommet on the front scratches my knife .
i got 2 of these in 2 different designs .
cleans up easy and is easy to handle .
very hard to get off - ok with me .
we bought this set for a small desert house .
the boot is now made in malaysia or something .
ok if you do n't have any filtration system .
not an good replacement item for the 17000 .
the grip is great and the helping is perfect .
i keep giving them away , trying new cookware .
it is somehow less enticing than civ ii .
below 8 cups the indicators fade away into darkness .
never has a sidekick ever been so annoying .
it is very easy to put on and off .
this is not the case with this knife .
i tried to fix it but it was impossible .
they either have too many pockets or not enough .
easy clean up and the cord still retracts .
this is a fantastic product that is well made .
its still not worth any money to buy it .
the pounding of your heart is n't from terror .
i was very pleased that i bought this item .
its not a tight fitting case for this phone .
wanted the thermal carafe ; done with hot plates .
no new yellow/dead spots since i began using them .
it just crashes as soon as you play it .
i got maybe halfway through it and quit .
this game is truly a work of art .
you only need to file the middle latch .
it grinds quick and even.this one is for work .
i bought it for a new iphone 4s .
i put in the oven and no problems .
i really like these because of their length .
i put my kitchen appliances through the ringer .
they have great fun popin their own popcorn .
this can reduce the life of your battery .
he still chewed off the handle and ignored it .
the very first day , the clip/kickstand popped off .
just flush with running water and everything comes out .
sounds good and the menu structure works well enough .
i have no complaints with this screen protector .
it looks like something from the dollar store .
i use this and ca n't tell a difference .
these look nice but are of poor quality .
this is what you need for frosting cupcakes .
i have worn it so ca n't return it .
i also read teeth whiteners can cause cancer .
the suggested that a fountain might encourage more drinking .
there are no warnings on that linksys download site .
was not at all spicy to my taste .
kai really knows what they are doing with cutlery .
meat is too expensive to take any chances .
i use it at least twice a week .
other than that , it is a great container .
does everything that it is supposed to do .
my dog had a skin reaction to this product .
examples include dragon ball z and excite truck .
not sure how that can be overlooked before shipping .
i plan to buy some more colors also .
i hope it works for a long time .
the instructions are clear and easy to follow .
too bad because they look like really nice quality .
first off , i love the feel of it .
i guess you get what you pay for ! .
well i 've got about 2/3 a bottle left .
these items were returned because they are not authentic .
i guess i 'll will it to my kids .
i was looking for wider shoes that are comfortable .
the adjustable grind makes perfect grounds for my aeropress .
they are thinner and feel cheaper as well .
the page said nothing about these shoes being seconds .
autolyzed yeast extract is another way of saying msg .
my daughter loved this phone in the store .
i have never been disappointed with anything they sell .
i loved this when i first bought it .
i wish that the handle was not bent .
it provides basic protection at a good price .
i believe that this causes me urinary burning .
so you go download patch 1.10 and install it .
this brush smelled terrible for the first few months .
great quality and perfect fit for my phone .
i will not go back to my french press .
one size fits all was not meant for me .
i always had trouble while talking using this product .
i used these to steam my sticky rice .
this cleanser makes my face red for whatever reason .
scratching your cones means you will remove the chrome .
hopefully it will work out a little better .
the case is very thin , adding minimum bulk .
it still works perfectly , despite a dulling blade .
i think this would be my only purchase .
it is very easy to use and clean .
poor shipping resulted in the entire contents spilling out .
finished chicken was done right and still juicy .
our old toaster was only 3 years old .
more durable plastics would produce a better total product .
it was worth it for the scenery alone .
turns color like , the minute you use it .
i commonly dial the brightness up to full outside .
i followed the guidance and am grateful for it .
however the fan motor broke after about 6 months .
i can pop it off and clean it easily .
my family is not a fan of this product .
i used my first batch to make broccoli alfredo .
bodyglove was good to me while it lasted .
the battery life on my s3 was attrocious .
i used it this morning to fry eggs .
but now i know what i am getting .
they look nice sitting on the counter top .
it needs to be larger around and shallower .
i would guess it was at least 150 degrees .
i 'm sending them both back for a refund .
heats up pretty quick and keeps it warm .
i opened it up and tested the battery .
once accomplished , it is a nice little rack .
i ca n't give it more than 2 stars .
my bother change the blackberry for this phone .
first the dogs can climb out of it easily .
i was slightly disappointed when i recieved it .
you could also make a fantastic raspberry coulis .
the story and characters simply were not compelling enough .
i bought this originally to core and fill cupcakes .
my husband bought this and he loves it .
the mixer is well built and well designed .
great product ! thinking about getting one for myself .
if you like popcorn alot , get this pan .
a must have for vegetarians and folks eating raw .
now i have to deal with repair or return .
it is tight around the waist in a lt .
does not fit too well for sleeping top .
nice little holder for things and such though ! .
basically this cable makes everything better than the original .
i should have checked before i bought it .
returned all three units i purchased for my office .
it is used at least 5 days per week .
i still have several in different shapes and sizes .
but after that i have never used it again .
no , moving to different locations made no difference .
the cassette adapter sounded like a dream in comparison .
does exactly what it is suppose to do .
i would guess this is glued into place .
bought these for my mom 's shower in 2006 .
i clean the mesh part with a toothbrush .
they are heavy duty , will last a lifetime .
i found the music to be repetetive and dull .
i got another sound-machine that does fan sounds .
one sb and then the slightly better em .
broke the glass in my evo and replaced it .
honestly , keep the level of difficulty at medium .
no local vet carried it , so ordered online .
it does the job i purchased it for .
the problem comes in with trying to save .
mostly it was people i called complaining of feedback .
this seems a good avenue for customer service .
the pan warped and i threw it away .
fits a bunch of jars for bulk processing .
i love the color of my blue lids .
guess the old boy will have to rough it .
on those , it does a truly superb job .
also , my hips have a little less fat .
if that didnt happen then it would be great .
she was delighted to get it for christmas .
the blade is sharp and keeps an edge .
2 stars because it worked for a while .
it 's often accompanied by condensation inside the tube .
the top can also be used as a roaster .
i just see this as a $ 14.99 lesson .
but it does do well in the dishwasher .
i then used it to charge the htc .
this spoon rest is well made and sturdy too .
there 's not much physical or mental skill required .
the sound quality for the most part is decent .
i have very sensitive facial skin prone to acne .
i would highly recommend checking out other products .
have had this for a few months now .
when my feet are cold , i am cold .
think how ..fill in your favorite adjective here .
no more peeling and chopping garlic with this gem .
but i do love the quality and price .
died today after under 2 years of service .
your will enjoy your camping experience much more .
only disadvantage is not having in built gps .
the price is unbelievable for a genuine motorola product .
it has a good feel in the hand .
only one rifle operated properly on semi/full auto .
but dont expect to wash it like normal pans .
attributes and permissions ) and how linux does so .
not oem but works well and looks good .
take the battery cover off & it fits perfect .
i suppose it came from the east somewhere .
this is exactly what i was looking for .
i have both cases and could n't be happier .
but i only use this to make coffee .
i ordered 2 other styles with this order .
i bought 3 and none of them worked .
great product but broke in 6 months time .
in fact i think it is quite bad .
the same drab colors are everywhere you go .
thank you ! will buy from this seller again .
the first pair had two different sized shoes .
i also cant froth for the life of it .
i would have preferred a vivid color instead .
i need to have alot of pick speed .
i bought these because they are one solid piece .
so i eventually bought another one via amazon .
i can also highly recommend the nonstick grill pan .
this little thing has got some serious grinding skills .
very cool and stylish case for my iphone .
they develop cracks and no longer hold a seal .
purchased as a christmas gift for our housemate .
and ; my wife loves the lighted motorola symbol .
not really what i thought it would be .
and the color goes great with my kitchen update .
i use this and actually do like it .
i have nothing but praise for this product .
you wo n't be sorry if you buy one .
nothing sticks and the clean-up is soap and water .
they are not at all stiff in any direction .
this is not as sweet as most sweet tea .
the holes are too small for the posts .
i trusted the reviews that this hairspray is fabulous .
my phone is just like new ! highly recommend .
was flexible and completely covered the iphone as advertised .
i only used 1 cup rice for this test .
it 's definately not the game i was expecting .
good deal for the price i payed for it .
living in two locations now so needed a second .
i bought 8 then returned for 4 more .
so i personally would not worry overmuch about accuracy .
when you did it sounded like a transistor radio .
i would recommend just about anything made by belkin .
i am glad i chose the cucina pro .
now i want to go make a roast .
i absolutely loved nba street 2 on the ps2 .
the bling factor is why i liked it .
i ordered it for my panasonic optiflow mc-cg917 .
this camera just never gets the picture you want .
sometimes the red box goes away on its own .
not this guy it charges both devices fast .
i was very surprised at how noiseless it was .
great item to keep your suitcase organized while traveling .
this is a very attractive and useful breadbox .
if you eat rice this is for you .
i went through two others before finding this one .
the cramps and pain i felt were very strong .
it is amazing and totally worth every penny .
the motor started smoking and then it leaked .
this case lasted me for a long time .
i like you can place them in the dishwasher .
i was not pleased with this product at all .
just set the desired humidity and you 're set .
i tried other seeds but they just rotted .
have been using it for a couple weeks now .
i love this case and it arrived on time .
do n't use on strawberries which will be canned .
your better off buying the same product at walmart .
the color is also very different from the picture .
there is little resemblance to the original game .
so i figured it was time for an upgrade .
our kitchen shears finally broke in the handle .
not a product for the weak of stomach .
this was a cheap charger and works great .
you wont be able to display higher resolutions .
i did n't notice any difference when taking selenium .
i couldnt understand her , she sounded very rarpy .
i have a wide foot and these fit nicely .
i would recommend that everyone uses these people ! .
thinking that i could get a bigger one later .
he uses it driving back and forth to work .
unfortunately the first use of this product went awful .
makes baking a lot easier with precut parchment paper .
she warned us against the white nylabone toys specifically .
the only thing this product elimited was my money .
this did not work well for us at all .
it 's not going to be very stimulating otherwise .
after reading good reviews i purchased this can opener .
this replacement works better with my new motorola .
it said 1-2 servings but it was barely one .
i love the squeaking factor of the ball .
the ones sold here are also made in mexico .
the peel off rear cover is especially flimsy feeling .
i did not give this product to my kids .
this expansion is not worth the thirty bucks imo .
easy to install and extended case fits perfectly .
i just ordered this , or so i thought .
this product does not smell smoky at all .
the problem began when i switched dsl providers .
when i received them they felt too big .
i 've jogged a 5k race with this on .
a normal conversational level was picked up clearly .
because i thought this would be incredibly difficult .
some of them leak right of from clear bottom .
these are made sturdy and not flemsy plastic .
we have to be right there watching them .
call quality and the speaker phone is very good .
i use these storage caps all the time .
no wonder supplement companies sell fennel as medicine .
i like it that this is really strong .
it makes the most evenly baked bundt cake .
and , it works awesome with a ps3 too .
i did n't mind the greasy feeling of it .
i will not be buying it from amazon again .
nothing cuts tomatoes like a sharp serrated knife .
this item does n't do anything for my hair .
my nephew does n't even try to cock them .
playing the game is already simple as can be .
a must purchase for any chemex brewing system .
it makes a good amount of popcorn also .
no one could explain to me what happened .
but it will let you install the software .
it wo n't be tipping over any time soon .
we do not use a blender too often .
but way cheaper than buying at the store still .
the wii is really the gamecube version 2.0 .
it does not inter fear with reception or anything .
i know how much to ship these items .
so - sadly - out it will go ! .
so my phone sees it as the real thing .
at 1000 watts , it boils water fairly quickly .
it stays planted on the dashboard fine however .
do not pass go or collect this shampoo .
i really was n't expecting much from this knife .
if you own a g2 , get this case .
i was unable to make that go away .
for two days i ran from everything in sight .
i stopped taking this and it all disappeared .
this pad was a total waste of money .
this was a replacement for one of my speakers .
unfortunately , we were very disappointed in this soup .
i shoud have paid more money the first time .
that one is far superior in every way .
i have had this spreader for several years now .
i wanted to try it mainly for typing emails .
i bought this based on the overwhelmingly positive reviews .
i love having perfectly cooked grains always available .
unfortunately , it very shortly started drying and clumping .
i was really surprised at how sharp it looked .
these are captivating blocks that are very imaginative .
it will heat up a small room quickly .
you can get the seats for ten bucks anywhere .
the tool-box does not include a lockring wrench .
no guessing , just a great cup of coffee .
i think i had a drawer full of them .
i changed the battery in just a few minutes .
avalon is more dangerous than you first expect .
sorry to say something bad about nordic ware .
the sound is very clear most of the time .
i ca n't say enough good about this block .
best protection , at the expense of significant bulk .
was not able to use the adapter sucessfully .
the cat seems to feel this is perfectly acceptable .
it still dvd format and does n't hold enough .
we like the griffin style case for the kids .
i have researched different sites but to no avail .
it is really impossible to see the screen .
the netgear wgt624 is a piece of junk .
this is the exact design just clear in color .
can be helpful with making salsa as well .
i paid about 7.00 here at the time .
pricy but well worth the protection to the phone .
it keeps lettuce dry and crisp in the refrigerator .
it does what it said it would do .
i could not get this product to install correctly .
i bought this to use with my new mr .
if this peeler ever broke i would replace it .
this product is thick enough for a good result .
glass presses would have been very cold by now .
i tried some of this while visiting my brother .
i did n't know it makes the phone thicker .
they are edible , but they are overpoweringly chemical .
i suspect the plastic will get brittle in time .
oxo makes great products and they seldom disappoint .
i ironed the heavy fold lines from the packagaing .
and i am super happy with the purchase .
box says to use half concentrate to half milk .
they work great and have n't dulled at all .
i guess this happens with all cases though .
this is an over priced worthless rip off .
lindy can break her diet and make fried rice .
provides some protection , but just looks really cute .
by the way the stupid monsters look so silly .
i purchased the classic fountain and this reservoir .
he has n't expressed any issues with the case .
fit nicely on phone , liked it very much .
it doubles the iphone battery life or better .
they just swatted them once and walked away .
another box taking up space in the game closet .
it gets hot , if you preheat the plates .
the grip is horrible and hard on your hands .
just what i needed for my daughters phone .
i ordered it for a fun photo shoot .
i will not be buying yet another cook book .
will probably look for a better version next order .
this accessorie is over priced considering what it does .
i bought my first one about 2 years ago .
attractive and sturdy , plus it works very well .
it works with the iphone 4 and the 4s .
i have an entire kitchen of electrolux stainless steel .
wife loves it so it is a keeper .
a very good and reliable phone to use .
that i was wrong to wait this long .
it crashes way to much to get into .
tried to install this on my mother 's rollator .
now we charge our ipad and iohone together .
it really helps keep my husband 's ties organized .
if you can , just forget about installing it .
my 2 major gripes are battery life and lag .
beautiful and durable -- at a great price .
they did the job as they were supposed to .
this might change when he gets a different case .
this left the screen very clean and smudgeless .
i started this journey by ordering one from amazon .
they 've held up to my abuse as well .
so far my favorite is still the voyager 510 .
quality seems to be in line with the price .
its comfortable and gives the secret agent look .
first thing that happened is the knifes rusted .
item arrived faster than predicted which is always awesome .
i dont have any experience with any other ones .
much better than the hooks they come with originally .
i definitely wo n't be buying anymore of this .
i have purchased several varieties of cesar canine cuisine .
i have not been able to make it function .
if you like to bake , these work well .
i gave it 2 stars because it did pair .
he enjoys having oatmeal a few times a week .
came in a generic box , but packaged well .
she tried them but they smell and taste awful .
item is wonderful for someone who is a narcissist .
it only mentions its crystal products are lead free .
the bottome of this exactly matches this size.so .
used them for the first time last night .
i used it twice and then gave it away .
i am a huge fan of ginger snaps .
probably could have super glued it together before use .
i bought a few to tie on christmas packages .
it has worked very well with good adjustments .
pen works for about 2 lines then quits .
they never break or collapse under normal use .
recommend only using one earbud when on the phone .
you will thank me if you do this .
and who knows - maybe that 's what happened .
very easy to use with all the adjustments .
the consistency is just right i the goldylocks zone .
i will attempt to post them in the description .
and it has a nice heavy pocket clip .
whatever happened to crisp clean scents or scentless ? .
then i tried cooking an egg - sticky mess .
i used 1 protector for almost a year .
this ring is very uncomfortable due to its thickness .
now i 'm motivated to cook more than before .
i plug it into my phone and nothing .
they claimed the hd warranty ended in may 03 .
the pan also warped after a few uses .
the overall quality of this holster is very good .
they can kill your dvd-rw drive rendering it useless .
keeps y our hands away from the heat .
pros-there is no problem with the descaling tablets .
it already looks dingy after 2 days , unfortunately .
following an initial full charge it has performed flawlessly .
this color scheme was great for my daughter .
the first taste i noticed was a sour bite .
the first was a different brand and practically worthless .
i have foolishly bought this exact model twice .
anyone that purchases this product wont be disappointed .
i did not like this brush at all .
use your fingernail again to remove the lens .
the tiny external screen is a great addition .
was skeptical when reading all the bad reviews .
my iphone vibrates and chirps everytime this happens .
i 've also used it to make chocolate cheesecake .
scoop surface appears to be chrome but not .
it is very sturdy and exceeds my expectations .
when one goes you still have the two .
the voiceovers are completely unfaithful to the originals .
for the price i paid its worth the money .
other reviews claim a one hour learning curve .
basically , this device knows when it needs charged .
i can see how people would n't like it .
this was a quick fix for my tiny bathroom .
plastic material , the strap is not very resistant3 .
i just sold this company twice as many units .
had mine for about 2 weeks before selling it.pro:1 .
very loud speakers - earpiece and main speaker .
my result using this was not very good .
it is kind of dark red in color .
my daughter tried to make these for some friends .
the large handle is just right for me .
apply heat to your knees when they hurt .
it works with straight talk , which i love .
before i bought this , i read the reviews .
the entire holster has a soft , rubberized texture .
not much to say about a measuring cup .
comes unsliced , was very hard to cut through .
i turn on the roomba and go upstairs .
i will use the case again but not often .
here is the review having first received the phone .
oh , could someone define fun for my grandma .
especially when it comes to the video game department .
will not purchase again and do not recommend .
the same headphones work just fine on my system .
this oxo 58081 steel can opener is terrific .
he can fix many things , but not this .
i am very pleased ! highly highly highly recommend .
going to order more for my car and office .
they also made me feel a bit light headed .
but a measly bottle of shampoo ? go figure.ok .
it tastes ok , but not great like before .
i love the nonstick and easy clean-up of silpat .
it was like rubbing coffee grounds on my face .
it would charge like 1 % every 3-5 minutes .
i bought these to use in my wok .
slowly add the sugar while it 's still whisking .
would differently buy it for someone i know .
this case changed my white phone to pink .
the instability really takes away from the enjoyment factor .
now i wish i could turn the clock back .
but the expense seems to be an industry standard .
this product increased my wrinkles and burnt my skin .
like reviews said , it produced a fine mist .
so yes , they really succeeded with the filling .
i would be talking and it would unpair .
very disappointing fit and not comfortable at all .
they have always been garbage and are still garbage .
i called motorola just sent me a new one .
i forget to pack my expensive one back home .
what the product has going for it is convenience .
i was surprised at how sturdy it was .
bought two of these about two years ago .
i have it for nes and its cool .
you have to have a a2dp enabled phone .
very inexpensive and seems to fit very well .
the result is a very poor sound quality experience .
good selection of games for the entire family .
too dry or wet and you have problems .
do n't pay unreasonable prices.so buy the regular version .
my last phone was a samsung galaxy s mesmerize .
the pieces are not shaped like the letter .
nylon is stiff anddoes not soften up when hot .
the earpiece cover is made of hard rubber .
the vertical stand will prevent this from happening .
my twitch ii is the grey metal version .
this bt headset does exactly what i wanted .
just what i needed to fit in my pantry .
i also vacuum my bed and mattress topper .
so tattoo can get dmaged in party bags .
the charger works in the way it should work .
i did n't believe it until it actually happened .
not sure why i believed all those raving reviews .
they sell what is pictured in the photo .
what good is a measuring cup with no measurements .
all bluettoth headsets are guilty of this gaffe .
i 'll never buy a panasonic dvd player again .
as time went on , the stones wore out .
i am going to try another cnd shellac color .
it really would n't work on my new pc .
this battery dies a lot quicker then my rechargeable .
the bristles have bent and are falling out .
i bought three of these for a buffet party .
not at all supportive , especially for nursing breasts .
i did n't like the out come at all .
this product did not work well for us .
looks dirty and have to rub it clean .
if you just want to kill time then play .
i guess i am somewhere between around an 8 .
too bad it did n't last long at all .
this is not a good item to mail order .
so i used them for breakfast brunch only .
have n't had any issues with different size apples .
i especially like it for ginger and zest .
if you have arthritis this one is for you .
the grip makes grating cheeses or vegetables a breeze .
i usually season the chicken with a rub .
does it work , look nice in the room .
not a big deal but a little annoying .
i am using it with my iphone 4s .
this is the best spice rack for me .
why is amazon selling this for $ 15 dollars .
it also works well on herbs and spices .
replaced my pampered chef garlic press with this one .
this apple adapter gave me just what i needed .
i did not see that on the sunbeam .
this was not something i can settle for .
the magnet works fine with 9900 as well .
the packaging finally got better than this happened .
other reviews which claim decaf are for other teas .
when brewing , you completely loose the vanilla smell .
i wouldnt get this if i was you .
this is good for small batches of sausage making .
the item was shipped and arrived on schedule .
the pancake mix can be used for waffles .
im not sure it just does n't work well .
for the same reasons the other reviewers already gave .
they also recommend putting some vaseline on the seal .
they still worked but one ear was messing up .
this is a real workhorse in the kitchen .
good for making curry pastes or healthy spreads .
this is the only way to frost a cake .
i would not recommend this product for curlier textures .
but it turned out to be the dvd player .
never had an issue just do n't douse it .
the milkshakes produced by this blade are fantastic .
it also stops working when it gets hot .
it is built very well and is sturdy .
but other than that it 's a great deal .
thats it i am out of here.- fomey .
could not detect any mushroom flavor at all .
still not big enough for a htc thunderbolt .
the dark color makes the crust turn out perfect .
it does make the iphone speaker sound louder .
we used it twice a day for 10 days .
i bought this to size my watch bands .
i give it four stars because of this weakness .
we use these knives daily and they work wonders .
this makes the cook more quickly and evenly .
i thought the catnip was supposed to be potent .
the rod was glued sparingly in only 2 places .
the cords will work on my blue tooth headset .
i will never risk buying another weider product .
the little hole stopper is just a nuisance .
this is fancy and sturdy-looking , yet also sleek .
i would recommend you not to buy this eyeliner .
these had to be tried on before purchase .
but it is good only when it is working .
our kids have loved and cherished their zoe doll .
good fit and seems rugged enough for him .
it looked like maybe it had melted or something .
as i said this ear piece is very comfortable .
if you are a long-time pocket pc follower .
it drives me crazy especially while driving at night .
the straps are much too near my neck .
i absolutely love these non stick tortilla bowl makers .
people who like fruit cake might like it .
so i took a chance on this unbleached flour .
so this makes it great in the summer time .
the fact that i was right is amusing .
the battery is small and fairly easy to carry .
i bought a flair with power nozzle years ago .
it could not save after the second mission .
but that is few and far between sessions .
purchased this unit to use in the kitchen .
i purchased this humidifier after my old one broke .
great price & it arrived right on time .
i am not a fan of their rubber handles .
it 's dogswell happy hips salmon or chicken jerky .
i do like crisp bacon and this provides it .
the symbian anna/belle updates fixed the purple screen issue .
i really wish sango could improve this set .
it looks really nice and i love the colors .
the real thing is nong shim shin noodle ramyun .
the front seemed to scratch easier than the back .
you can set up your network properties and encryption .
while your at it google garlic kills mersa bacteria .
it just needs some tweaking to be safe .
they are great for turning just about anything .
we tried them and also a few premade mixes .
it fit perfectly and is made of great quality .
really nice quality and very happy with it .
by far , i like this phone the best .
i had to cut the rest with scissors .
this sounds great but really is just junk food .
i love that it has its own filter .
everybody noticed right away that she was yellow .
i received it free while ordering another product .
i had really high hopes for this headset .
1.3 mp camera makes 17-40 kb sized pics .
i never have issues with grounds in my coffee .
the price was right in my budget also .
manual recommends a setting 3 for golden brown .
i take notes for work on my ipad .
it 's very easy to change the slicing/shredding cones .
boiling water is a simple , every day task .
also get power puff girls z for dsl .
it disassembles easily and is a snap to clean .
it has very quickly become an indespensible tool .
this was a cheap case and not as described .
with never go back to heavy stoneware again .
i would not recommend anyone purchase this scope .
the back however is rather challenging to get off .
after doing this i have never had any trouble .
i can easily cut vegetables as well as fruits .
what bad customer service ! this however is awesome .
i am very pleased with the egg timers .
works perfectly , just as described in the directions .
this item seems to be strong and sturdy .
no disclaimer on the front of the bottle .
great case for much less than a retail store .
with all the others you need two cords ! .
it holds its edge and sharpens very well .
if you need to go out of field exercises .
yeah it kinda worked for a day or so .
my main gripe is story mode is glitchy .
the young ones batted them once and walked away .
i really like the holmes hqh307 quartz heater .
my bread is not particularly greasy by any means .
i use it so often for so many things .
this unit is tiny and very light weight .
the price was great and the reviews were mixed .
so i got these to soak my foods in .
this is a great product at a great price .
it is basically a dust buster on a stick .
certified organic rawhide is dried naturally and considered safe .
frizz is a given even when i flat iron .
why anyone would want all that fuss escapes me .
the product was exactly as described in the information .
i have bought 2 more since purchasing this item .
the dough comes out effortlessly from the scoop .
i 'm 36 years old and have oily skin .
the next thing i got was the rectanular baker .
this broke before i had even finished installing it .
i purchased two of these and i like them .
the first round produced so much black water .
will not buy this item from amazon again .
normal bags of cat food are about that size .
glasses are held in place just by dynamic action .
i simply love how i can now truly soak .
seems like it will hold phone together if dropped .
the coffee does have a good vanilla scent .
had an old one that sort of worked .
window 7 diagnostics said the media was n't writable .
now we are ready to install the door .
it is loose and tends to fall off .
easy to use and it performs like a dream .
this is not the case with this charger .
i especially appreciate the added aux out option .
bummer because this is his favorite mater toon .
i did n't notice a difference in my eyes .
this made it very hard to rinse dishes .
ordered for a friend , she was so happy .
they are easy to remove if you have to .
great little peeler that works like a charm .
except for that , the price/weight/value is pretty good .
this will not support a heavy amp load .
i have to watch what i put on them .
should man up and make it up to par .
it is also used in chewable and sublingual tablets .
this chopper/scraper has so many uses around the kitchen .
practice makes perfect and navitas naturals cacao helps ! .
i have a media device that plays and stops .
wish eforcity would send another one to replace it .
and it died by the end of the week .
works much better that the lower voltage models .
well i thought this was a good idea .
does n't fall off as i feared but great .
this was everything it said it would be .
plus there 's more fiber and more vitamin c .
this window fan is even better than i thought .
the first time i used it it worked great .
maybe .i just need to get used to them .
this was my first foray into the bt department .
not as powerful as i thought it would be .
it is very sleek looking and well built .
i got this earpiece for my wife to use .
we love fries and it cooks them quickly .
perfect size for grabbing salad , picking up spaghetti .
four of the six cookies were badly broken .
i had to teach an on-line webex class .
should have come with a removable modern grip .
it 's my favorite turner when i cook now .
this is everything it is supposed to be .
which is very important to me as well .
i have been using them and love them .
i have been repairing computers since about 1980 .
i like a hard not flexible spatula and scraper .
i have had no problems with this thermometer .
save your money and buy a kong wobbler instead .
this is not the item that i expected .
you are directed to their website for detailed instructions .
if they die , will replace with the same .
the suction cup is on there pretty solidly .
and the incoming sound is great as well .
the lid leaked until i put o-rings in it .
it was easy to connect to our iphone .
the levels in actraiser 2 are just frustrating .
only sometimes , and only if you are lucky .
not sure how well this would really protect someone .
3 years later ! still had good suction though .
i would be the product again in a heartbeat .
item was shipped and received in a timely manner .
my first knife roll that fit my needs .
kudos to amazon for a usual painless return .
a single size unit would be a welcome addition .
i was thinking that most of it was natural .
great baster ! even comes with a useful tip .
deodorant towels seemed like something my son might like .
another issue i have is the battery life .
i bought this charger to replace one by ezopower .
this is a great idea , but poorly executed .
it is not as buggy as the nokia n8 .
perfect size and comfortable to hold in your hand .
the pouring spout is poorly designed and dangerous .
majority have fragrance but baby sunscreens usually do not .
nope.the graphics for the x-box version are kinda sad .
however , this lavender scent is not as clean .
it 's the perfect size for what i wanted .
the rigid white plastic sides were still pristine .
i have no need for all those other pots .
i use this everyday instead of cooking spray .
sooo much easier with this magnetic lid wand ! .
i applied it twice a day as instructed .
this was not practical with my previous tool hanger .
however , it is very easy and very repetitive .
it smelled good but i do n't usually buy2in1 .
i will not buy any more of this .
i will not be using this product ever again .
i am very pleased with this tea kettle .
looks like plastic dipped in a gold coating .
so far i have only got their answering machine .
i like the size , weight and sloped sides .
i have decided that is not a deal breaker .
i thought it might be theconstruction of our apt .
this is just the right size for him .
this silicone peeler works so much more effectively .
it was a big fat waste of money .
where to send the drive for repair under warranty .
needless to say the toy was taken away .
the bar was too wet and soft for me .
it has locked up my phone on occasion .
i suddenly found myself having intense itching as well .
used for a month , very very minimal results .
all it did was leave my sinus slightly smelly .
just another over rated product , keep your money .
power two 5v accessories at the same time .
it is very easy to pack or carry anywhere .
seems to seal securely so no insects can enter .
i can hear really well , very clear voices .
the inner seal never gets caught on the jars .
it comes with a cute carrying bag and cord .
that same hazelnut coffee will taste so bad .
i have a dog that tends to gulp food .
i think it was a pretty good buy .
i set it off more than the cats did .
overall this phone case is onlyfor look and style .
as a result , it bends to the side .
the timing on this product was excellent for me .
thanks maxell for wasting my money and my time .
i guess you do get what you pay for .
convenient rolls allow for only using what you need .
it is fast and easy and nothing sticks .
cleaning up is a simple wash with dish soap .
coffee is hot and quality of brew is good .
not very practical but it is a fun case .
it 's more gray looking than in the photograph .
but the plastic part looks used and abused .
check out their large & mediums available on amazon .
this mascara lengthens kind of but spreads lashes well .
a bit more money but a lot less hassle .
this is what you 'll use to answer/end calls .
the three bowls included really make this machine convenient .
i love quinoa but not the red ones .
but there are few that are more reasonably priced .
the one button set up is a joke .
the review should compare it with *other 20oz pitchers* .
i would definitely choose other sets over this one .
i think it works decently for what you get .
box ) because it is much cheaper to try .
does exactly what my husband needed it to do .
it shrunk up in the back and fits horrible .
but that 's about as far as eye-candy goes .
just do n't expect this to stretch very far .
i will use the dryer without the attachment .
i expected better mechanical advantage in the lever setup .
it 's a three layer box protecting your phone .
can not get audio out from the 3.5 connection .
unless you have 40 bucks to throw away .
it was easy to learn to use it .
beef will shrink and lose its water after cooking .
and the sprint epic 4g touch is huge .
i will not trust these as safe treats .
there is nothign to help hold htem in .
i gave the ball to our local shelter .
so i unplugged it and plugged in another one .
this is very shiny and easy to keep clean .
they are hot but taste nothing like chili .
they crumble very easily and have an unusual texture .
i was a bit disappointed with this product .
does what it is supposed to do , protect .
it does not add any bulk to the case .
simple functions and compact size that fits my window .
dry the dispenser with a clean towel and reassemble.4 .
this little quick up is exactly as advertised .
they lasted just barely 9 months on my car .
amazing case you have to buy this but .
not the usual quality of melissa and doug imo .
all punched out holes fits prefect on the phone .
that may actually be better for my purposes .
this item is not even worth your time .
i have to work around to clamp it .
it last 3 to 5 charges until it dies .
seems a little too small for this coffee maker .
never had any hint of it losing its grip .
no amount of sight adjustment would correct the problem .
you 'd do better with packets of swiss miss .
this is another good quality product from cuisinart .
it is what it is and does the job .
i am glad i waited to write my review .
read all the reviews and hoped for the best .
she even has a diaper bag for this doll .
all in all a great product for the price .
i can not believe how many people worship this .
the on-board speaker is also surprisingly loud and clear .
i glad i happened across it and got it .
i will surely recommend this item to anyone .
does not do an exceptional job of peeling anything .
will recommend to anyone who has an iphone .
bought one for myself and one for my daughter .
made my hair feel worse leaving it in .
it will end up in your cabinet never used .
just recived my screen protectors and there amazing .
even for jogging these would not be comfy .
this case is very and a great design .
nothing groundbreaking.characters and dialogs : this is a biggie .
for the price i could purchase several colors .
and it seems to be top-rack dishwasher safe .
i think that might be the problem with this .
there are better games to spend your money on .
both models obviously have the open mouth for thumb-sucking .
she was told her phone was beyond repair .
this pad was supposed to be 3 inches thick .
i own the foodsaver vacuum food sealer system .
it is light weight durable and works well .
the rack itself is structurally sound and quite sturdy .
the smell of this soap is too strong .
this newer model seems to be better actually .
oh - and the screws they send with it .
until then , they are too expensive to maintain .
i avoid oxybenzone which apparently disrupts human hormonal system,8 .
video is crisp and clean ; audio sound great .
i have used cuisinart skillets for many years .
i use it almost every day for something .
i take very good care of my stuff .
i now have an aqueon pro 50 on order .
they are actually quieter than this pump as well .
i saw no noticeable change other than that .
soon thereafter , the unit just stopped working completely .
garmins are picky about their usb cables and chargers .
this item does not fit nicely around the playpen .
it was also very slippery to cock the firearm .
great investment & dirt cheap for the amazing quality .
i had it put together in about five minutes .
i delayed buying the white ones for that reason .
but life just became one infinitesimal degree less taxing .
since then amazon turned a deaf ear on me .
you can adapt the recipes to suit your needs .
then i guess it is an everyday case .
on my great dane where she licks too much .
the variable temperature control is also a nice feature .
i have had this toy for 3 1/2 years .
we wound up going back to natural balance .
they are great for bulk cereal and chip bags .
so obviosuly they must of been too tight .
it did absolutely nothing but dry out my skin .
it came recommended by the bad elf folks .
i purchased this for my daughter at christmas .
that 's what i am now going to do .
fingerprints wipe right off with the cloth provided .
they both are working great and worth the money .
i do not pack it very hard at all .
before , it was an option after the fact .
at least not enough of a difference to notice .
it slices easily and has a comfortable handle .
i have a fetish problem collecting iphone cases .
we checked everywhere from jcpenney to even nasty walmart .
convenient size and works great for my galaxy s3 .
phone does not stay clipped in holster very securely .
ewww lol this case keeps the button clean .
i recommend this product as well as this seller .
i bought this for my 11mo old daughter .
it looks flimsy , but is actually quite durable .
a full-tang design provides better balance and superior strength .
i brew my grommet iced tea in large batches .
good shapes and sizes , comfortable in your hand .
i love this spatula and will buy more .
i would prefer a thinner more beathable cotton bandeau .
i have had this case for about two months .
this product is very sturdy and cleans up easily .
all i heard was static on every channel .
i have no problem with the battery life .
i know these are nylabone and chicken flavor .
this one will actually keep your hot lunch hot .
but more importantl , they are really poorly made .
it took about 3 weeks to be delivered .
they work perfectly for what i need them for .
we are extremely picky with our kitchen utensils .
swissco brush head is thinner and lighter and softer .
it defaults to not checked for broadest app compatibility .
this stuff is not too bad or good .
the respond so quickly , they sent another one .
the mini turbine tool works great on my steps .
i love the three sizes of the measuring cups .
buy a lower cost brand they are better .
it 's not going to be a bodum though .
lucky this was n't a gift for a boy .
point one - crashing was all about chance .
this phone appears to be great so far .
they are simply the best for the money .
i do n't plan to buy this brand again .
the bottles are glass , the caps are plastic .
great product - cuisinart never lets me down ! .
but this expensive kitchenaid is out of warranty .
i would recommend for people to get it .
i have a cooling rack about half this size .
i ordered a few of these in different colors .
it works and i would but it again .
i initially got this bowl to fulfill a promotion .
get used to driving to the repair shop often .
the case is already peeling on the edges .
it tastes more like a watered down salty broth .
so , as usual you anticipate the follow up .
so i decided to get this.the back door sucks .
this colander is great and meets all my needs .
made in france.i hope this was helpful to you .
this kettle was the worst kettle we ever owned .
did not have any problem with the packaging .
my son had a plastic slinky before this one .
the current patch has done nothing to help me .
it looks like it was made for a child .
it did not do the job that it claims .
i ca n't say enough about my mighty mite .
the mill itself works great and easy to adjust .
other than that it is very good quality .
they are of excellent craftsmanship & made in america .
repeated pressing does not turn the light off .
oh my ! it is so easy to use .
it looks nice and shiny though smashed up .
the dolphins do make noise but not often enough .
first place i went to was good old amazon .
i just thought they were such a neat idea .
i think this company 's products have gone downhill .
i 've been searching for months for this package .
way too big and not flattering at all .
i even sent them pictures and still no response .
any sushi dish must start with perfect rice .
i will not be recommending this product at all .
love this for making guacamole and vernal pulverization .
i purchased this stick vacuum for my hardwood floors .
will not be buying from this group again .
comes with an assortment of ends for other devices .
but it all turns out to be boring .
this is a violation of the geneva convention .
caution : this item qualifies for super saver shipping .
they are very strong which really appeals to me .
it 's nice that they have so many options .
this cover gives you a false sense of protection .
this one is one of the most reasonably priced .
my size 12 older jeans fit me better .
i guess 2 out of 3 is n't bad .
the samsung keeps skipping audio when playing dts soundtracks .
the picture quality was aweful due to noise .
easy cleanup in dishwasher and easy to store .
these had good reviews so i ordered a pair .
this toy grocery cart trolley was a huge disappointment .
gold toe seems to be cutting corners or something .
this is pretty much a straight forward item .
i have short hair , but not short enough .
for 9 bucks this case cant be beat .
this little number fit the bill quite well .
the other two are always in my backpack .
cleans up with a paper towel or two .
it works for everything i need it to be .
bought this wired headset ; as opposed to bluetooth .
it broke on christmas day not long after opening .
they are really liking the foodsaver and the rolls .
there are better water bottles on the market .
the iphones button clearly gets way over used .
i can go through a lot of holsters .
had much higher hopes for this kong product .
if mixed weak , tastes like watered down coolaid .
i made closed end cream horns the first time .
im not talking about slipping after 1/2 in .
i works fine with my wife 's blackberry curve .
they do n't respond well to being dishwasher washed .
i call this method of cooking an egg froaching .
its good for scrambled eggs and stirring sauces , .
it was always so red after i washed it .
we received the regular blue color , thank goodness .
works great with festool , dewalt and bosch tools .
looks far better online than the real stuff .
they are good construction and do the job .
that is when they must be disposed of .
it arrived quick and fit perfectly on my phone .
would i buy it again ? in a heartbeat .
the selector gave me bad advice for my macpro .
they are cheaper than flowers and last a lifetime .
next time i will try a different brand .
match the filter pitcher well and with reasonable price .
it feels hard to make a slight turn .
i love this knife because of the size .
it will simplifiy your life for a small cost .
i think this case is hit or miss .
it also comes with a useful recipe booklet .
the toy just feels cheap compared to the trains .
this is the product that rocked my world .
this is a good product for the price .
i got my butt handed to me in seconds .
love this protector best thing they came up with .
unfortunately it does not fit my galaxy ii .
if anything the oil helps tame some frizz .
you 'll surely want a case for overall protection .
the only thing it provides is a stinky odor .
it can be heard on high but not disturbing .
will buy a new one in a few months .
i 'm a little leery of this unit now .
i am happy with this cast iron skillet .
vitamin c has to be in a complex .
connects with my bb in about 3 seconds .
my husband and i love our small fiestaware collection .
i liked the movie i liked the books .
if you need waterproof then get a lifeproof .
it was worth a shot , for the price .
this is how to give a dog allergies .
i will deffinatlly buy from this seller again .
i expected more balanced flavored from tyler florence .
you will never go back to the old kind .
the first worked for the first two uses .
i felt the blades and they are razor sharp .
i like the case it pretty hot pink .
but this thing is actually a pretty nice mount .
loreal lipsticks used before have been very good .
do not order if you work in damp conditions .
my wife vetoed it and my daughters mocked me .
no - she is not a small child .
i will likely never buy another waring product again .
was supposed to be a samsung oem 5ft cable .
this replacement battery worked perfectly on my cell phone .
the works.i actually like the shave for my legs .
this first one may just be user error .
it takes abouut 1 hour to finish a mission .
also i dont really like the smell of .
did not realize how small the containers are .
for an adidas product i was very disappointment .
they sent back a new one in a week .
not much to say about a power adapter .
i could n't be more disappointed with this phone .
this filter is was no good to me .
i have dsl so the .b speed is plenty .
fits only basic bikes without solid reinforced construction .
on the thin side as far as absorption .
it 's a different world now with cell phones .
this doll is adorable but very poorly constructed .
the way the population limit works kind of sucks.4 .
two and a half minutes and perfectly steamed veggies .
i will certainly buy the anker brand again ! .
this is a great deal on a cool product .
i am comparing it with another brita pitcher .
the gorilla might say alligator , and so on .
no amount of paper clip resetting will fix this .
so no complaints but it it 's aluminum lol .
i have had it over a year now .
i was sad to have to send it back .
slides in and out of pocket with ease .
i hope this warning helps out another person .
there was empty space in weird places too .
luckily there are processes for these types of practitioners .
i really wanted this envyderm product to work .
i have these at home for my pc .
let me first start off by reviewing this battery .
it works fine and makes the expresso perfectly .
the other concern is that they lack versatility .
this is absolutely the best case for s4 .
the chord has an awkward storage wrap underneath .
well worth the 25 bucks for the armband .
and the concept for ico is a good one .
the print on the cup is very clear .
highly disappointed as i thought ecotools were good quality .
i am still dealing with the cystic acne .
this is my only 1 star listing ever .
it also has a little cushion to soften impacts .
this makes de/re-taching the hood a very frustrating task .
maybe it wouldmake a difference on your nails .
my oscar refuses to eat this food also .
i have a wired and wireless networked soho .
you never know when a belt will break .
the blade got here quickly and works great .
the itouch software aborts everytime i boot the system .
i fatty batteries already charged in purse for emergency .
sync completely removes adjacent interference and fading distortion .
but this is a really good kitchen brush .
i have had no problems with this cord .
the plastic material is very thin and flimsy .
other than the language this game looked very promising .
in particular , there is no self timer feature .
overall i would not recommend this to anyone .
this is the same capacity as my old battery .
i baked a batch of cookies the other day .
the form and fuctionality of the item is fine .
adding a second device is just as easy .
the marina 210 looks alright from the outset .
i could n't get into it after several tries .
how sad that the old twizzlers are gone .
this thing was not cheap by a long shot .
everything was as advertised and of quality material .
her replacement is scratched , but it does work .
i bought this to help in our phone reception .
i used the entire jar over a months time .
somehow this seat gave me a horrible saddle sore .
avoid unless you find the latest version available .
i stopped using , may damage i phone pins .
he was happy with them and uses them frequently .
perfect for what i needed and works very well .
i 'm hoping that the marking survive the dishwasher .
they ate the pill pockets and left the pills .
this is a great charger for almost any phone .
i 've had this printer for about 2 years .
the glasses have survived several washings in our dishwasher .
i am an iphone 3gs to evo 4g convert .
i purchased this about a year ago on sale .
very tight fit for my glock 22 40 cal .
love the way it slides onto the belt .
clean classy and it makes some really wonderful coffee .
and it goes off at the faintest movement .
no hassle compact design and a large capacity charger .
i think it 's priced a little high though .
kitchen timers do n't need to do anything fancy .
easy to use phone while plugged into wall .
i thought this product looked good on the website .
this hamilton beach 1qt tea maker is just great .
makes a good strong cup of everyday joe .
but that is in every game to a degree .
i tried this product when i was first diagnosed .
overall , this ice tea maker serves its purpose .
does a great job extracting all the juice .
i wish this same effect would last all day .
i charge it about once to twice a week .
if you love pizza then this is for you .
i ended up getting a portable battery pack charger .
no conflicts of interest there.would not recommend to anyone .
diamond/s3 has created a major dud w/ this product .
store dough in a plastic bag or covered container .
this game has no replay value at all .
this is the 8th headset i have tried .
the bodum stainless steel thermal press makes rich coffee .
but it did n't work out for my 80lb .
do n't spend you hard earned money on these .
it looks like you have make up on .
i took my time and researched these batteries .
just give them a chance to make it right .
it is difficult to find a gluten-free protein bar .
i 'm a big fan of bayer colon care .
had high hopes for a simple black boot .
dont like the time release..prefer the regular melatonin .
sadly the replacement also had multiple zipper issues .
the lg env touch is an awful phone .
it doesnt even fit my verizon iphone 4 .
worked for around 5 minutes out of the box .
it heats fast and the convection baking is terrific .
now it is a challenge to get them replaced .
shipped fast and looks as shown in images .
just keeps going and going like the bunny .
i bought this one day as an impulse purchase .
it just a usb chord for your phone .
they were limp and smelled like melting plastic .
at least not one that i 'd ever use .
this is a very effective steamer for the home .
i thought it would work a lot better .
otherwise we like this set and would buy again .
this is an honesty and a health problem .
the original battery for the htc sensation is 1520mah .
since its all natural kids might like it .
but i guess you get what you pay for .
i am a computer engineer for crying out loud .
finally it fell out somewhere and i lost it .
it is similar in consistency to wet warming .
and the sound did not work at all .
skip this and all of 'natures path ' products .
second time i tried it bloating and stomach cramps .
then every time after that it did absolutely nothing .
i recommend it to anyone who has an iphone .
i own several different types of this grater .
this makes shopping in a real store seem appealing .
we have lots of fiesta , old and new .
i ca n't remember when i bought that one .
i did not notice any effect from this supplement .
the sound is not very loud at all .
i will be definitely be getting another one .
so i just have stayed w/o the protector .
the spry gum has very little xylitol anyway .
i was not pleased with these headphones at all .
it will be perfect for this and other uses .
not too big of a deal for be .
i have as yet had no problems whatever .
this product really helps preserve my cutting board .
had hopes with this style but again , disappointed .
i will never give them future business ! tom .
the ones i received were made in vietnam .
have little fillers for over screws which is nice .
it looks good but it twists a lot .
the ideal pet doors are not very durable .
this is a good coffee maker for individuals .
so far , it has not been a problem .
i love having flexible color coded cutting boards .
it will hold 2 lbs of hamburger meat easily .
like it being glass , and having a lid .
great case , easy to use and very durable .
clean up a breeze so so far so good .
must dry after washing or they will rust .
this battery restored an old psp to excellent condition .
i expect this unit to be just a good .
i also received this blender in excellent condition .
i tried multiple complexion brushes for pore cleansing .
in general i like it better than cm7 .
compared to the bodum and aerolatte , the mr .
no adjustment for mouse sensitivity.no option to set perspective .
shame on you ea for releasing this game .
i bought this millet for my parakeets and cockatiels .
auto shut off when device is not connected .
this color looks great against my white iphone .
the cartridge bottom should no longer wobble significantly .
it only gets one star because it looks real .
the dough button is a nice addition as well .
cheddar was not amused by these bouncing balls .
enjoy it for years and generations to come ! .
just wait for them to come every couple months .
quick and easy to install at a great price .
that loses a lot of appeal to me .
so for the price you ca n't beat it .
we found the userinterface to be fairly bad .
from the very beginning , this game gets annoying .
i love that this dish has a handle .
they are really small and difficult to hang onto .
this is a great speaker with truly superior sound .
he is more in the blk/white color scheme .
i have n't had a issue with it yet .
i could only get 1x reception on both batteries .
however , it is still a really great product .
no special fighting moves or movements just simple fps .
strong and excellent for cookie dough or melons .
the company should charge more to add bells.2 .
over all , this has been a great investment .
of course , you can chop on them too .
the result is hit-or-miss depending on your particular stones .
exactly like the way the did gta iii series .
he actually drank about 20 cups in 5 days .
hence , the show recording feature is rendered useless.3 .
i should have said only that this whole time .
that is how much i love this product .
the name of this product is just misleading .
this was actually a gift for my mother .
this looks really good on the white iphone .
it works and it works fast and wonderfully well .
that whisk broke after about 6 months of use .
i even had windows search for an updated driver .
one of our most used tools when cooking .
love that it matches my other kitchen aid pieces .
george really designed a neat grill for outdoor grilling .
used this every morning for several months now .
the low price makes this a great value .
protected my phone and looked very pretty too .
i am pleased with the fit and function .
this was at least a full size too small .
my pie is sliced thinly easily with this tool .
had to switch to a stainless steel traditional chain .
the picture does this little guy no justice .
i think it also helps cook it faster .
this is one hell of a mediocre game .
i can hear normal volume dialogue in the scene .
i did like the multi-player aspect of the game .
that seems unsanitary , so i sent it back .
these puppies are heavy-duty and seem very durable .
i returned these and would not recommend them .
it smells and tastes like artificial chocolate flavoring .
screen goes black and locks up the computer .
the 6 pack of 12oz is now 54.97 .
the service from the seller too was first class .
it turns out that they were fine all along .
do n't pay premium price for this inferior headset .
this omni fat separator works as promised every time .
this is absolutely the best invention since sliced btead .
i love these sturdy , stainless steel measuring cups .
i bought this set to use with my tv .
i have read the other reviews and am confused .
after 2 weeks he would barely walk around .
you can see the bad fit through my shirts .
so for me its a 5 stars item .
would definitely save you a ton of time .
my personal favorite is the grater disk attachment .
my dog is ate this food for two weeks .
feels right in the hand and functions well .
it has great audio isolation and decent sound quality .
overall , i am very satisfied with the product .
make sure you are getting what you want .
it only reduce light for 2 and 1/3 stop .
trying to unscrew my bolt nocks has not worked .
it has been fun and i think it works .
there are backups if you screw up however .
it is a good purchase for the price .
the presto 1781 is the one i decided on .
it comes at a very reasonable cost as well .
the moment arrives -- you finally meet darth maul .
we have large fry pans and and dutch ovens .
it hardly looks used after all of the abuse .
it was batteries i was most interested in .
would be nice if it was a little bigger .
my family uses this popper all the time .
this stand is just as simple as it looks .
to make sure , i borrowed a friends 18-55vr .
as most products of oxo , they are great .
the charger only worked for about 2-3 weeks .
nice to see quality being offered without being gouged .
i loved it so much i purchased another .
this mixer is a big step up for her .
i look forward to many years of use .
one for me and one for my husband .
the cord is not too short and very durable .
replaced my phone before this case whore out .
heavy duty and durable from brand name wilton .
i also ate very healthy vegan while taking it .
i wanted to see what this mixer would do .
i thought this would be like old school mario .
it looks identical to the item pictured here .
some of the other clarks are great though .
non of these will hold a samsung epic .
it either cracks or the little pins break off .
my daughter thinks it smells like bug spray .
i saw a lot of review about bubbling .
easy to pair with my phone and tablet .
and i love tetra products just not this one .
it works great and is easy to use .
there is a reason why they are so inexpensive .
they look very nice sitting on the kitchen table .
for the price it is a great case .
she got out twice in the last two days .
they are super convenient to hang near my window .
now , i am out my stupid co-pay too .
the larger the batch , the cooler the coffee .
i futzed with this for about a week .
my raider has the air restrictor removed as well .
it was exactly what i was looking for .
this did not live up to my expectations .
but the board layout could be more robust .
small basket of crackers and we had lunch .
it only fits because of the plastic case .
just a nice little product all the way around .
i recently bought this for my little ones .
toastmaster ignored my letter and i tossed it out .
save your money and get the bissell steamvac .
for every negative characteristic , i deducted one star .
i give this 5 stars with no dislikes .
this is difficult to apply in a smooth layer .
it has to be carried to a service center .
better luck to the next person who orders these .
the battery works great and holds charge fine .
we used this but did n't notice any difference .
very pleased with the overall quality of this unit .
only negative was delifery was 2 days late .
i had to return it for a refund .
the other two are still strong it seems .
at least you can take a shower afterwards .
you will have to buy more oil anyway .
the connection is solid and the range is great .
i love the solid weight of these measuring cups .
i would consider this a drug store quality product .
it fell from my bag onto the concrete .
even the most talented chef has problems poaching eggs .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
this was everything the reviews said it was .
the only criticism is the slide out stand .
grill plates are fixed and a chore to clean .
the extra battery charging slot is great , too .
this product is a good buy for the price .
the liddle griddle by presto is great to have .
but i guess you have to pay to play .
what ever happened to lifeproof cases for ipods ? .
it came loose the first week i used it .
the onscreen keyboard on the evo is great .
no other brand has held up so well .
i found the smallest size fit me perfect .
it really help keep things for sticking and burning .
the font on the screen is also large .
it installed okay but would never actually dial out .
these underpants show up in a search for cotton .
the sewing was half done and parts were glued .
i did and i have nothing to complain about .
*click* *click* *click* over and over and over .
i had much higher expectations for this product .
little extras can be placed in the side pocket .
i am not sure how to describe it .
as it turns out it last quite well .
the concept behind this bag is a good one .
i chose this canister vacuum after reading the reviews .
this product is very weak and watery in comparison .
once it was in the oven it leaked everywhere .
target does not package them properly for shipping .
the optimus v screen is brighter than this one .
it felt like a pin scratched my eye .
these cutting boards could basically be considered disposable .
however the other strategy features are n't always responsive .
i received this product in december as a gift .
it will be back to the shark for us .
the soundtrack is supposedly made up of rap songs .
i have had one of these for years .
it 's great for searing meat then slow braising .
i am a man of few words and now .
its a waste of money pick another brand .
along the trail are several trap door-like spaces .
i use soap and a scrubber to clean them .
it is pretty compact and a nice size .
just like it does on a 1955 brownie hawkeye .
i 'll stay away from them from now on .
the headshield will be overkill for most paintball players .
sim themepark was not what i saw coming .
the also can be stored separate or on ring .
they are easy to use a hand mixer in .
can hardly wait to try it on other things .
she loves the fat grip and the non-slip gripper .
this game takes way too much time to set-up .
t for helping me with getting me a replacement .
all functions are available when charging using these cables .
also great for quick data transfer between devices .
the blade is sharp out of the box .
i 'll post the results of this effort later .
all the pieces fit nice and snug together .
this watch winder looks pretty good on my dresser .
it seems to just carge them up faster .
does n't go far in actually protecting the phone .
i got the iphone 4s as a work phone .
the second tigger we bought did the same thing .
it was just to hard to take off .
if you move an inch it will not charge .
i got lucky on this here at amazon .
it keeps coffee warm for 8 hours and longer .
i give it a 1 star because of that .
they are definitely not a one size item .
but after that it always works when connected .
the eggs were grainy and the bacon scant .
i bought this thinking it was the wash product .
little plastic tents fold flat in base for storage .
the new one is working fine so far .
the quality is alright and a little bit airy .
nice addition to our bar for fresh lime juice .
this is a very nice and pleasant tanning oil .
all arrived unbroken and were packaged very well .
the knives are well-made and they are very sharp .
i like the product , but not love it .
i wish i purchased this a long time ago .
i used the five drops as is recommended .
you shoot or strike down your enemies to death .
so overall this is a more expensive method .
but besides this , the keyboard is just amazing .
the heat retention of these pans literally amazes me .
do n't think i would recommend this to anyone .
i also love the pocket on the outside .
this thing will almost fit in your wallet .
this is a pretty big security concern imo .
in the car , this thing sounds very good .
my daughter was thrilled to receive this gift .
it 's even better than i could have imagined .
put the fresh ones in and still nothing .
i 've never reviewed a product as a 1 .
the base of pizza comes out very crunchy .
would highly recommend for anyone wanting to grill inside .
this is the second one i have purchased .
my cats are afraid of the noise this makes .
my screen stopped working a week out of warranty .
this one is easier to use and clean .
the worst is the speaker which is partially covered .
it fits quite well on the bike canister .
i replaced the battery in about 3 minutes .
call quality is great too an real clear .
i /think/ this is the food processor i have .
the ear plug design is highly innovative and comfortable.3 .
plus i found i was allergic to it .
use your food saver vacuum on this sealing device .
this product is a great alternative to otterbox .
some people say that its short but its long .
so we basically bought an expensive disposable camera .
i have n't cleaned a gun in 40 years .
it was a waste of money for me .
when i first used it , i was impressed .
oh and i tried both sets that i bought .
this is a very good product for the money .
it is very loud on the highest setting .
the cup shape was terribly pointy and un-natural looking .
i did finish my order and will not reorder .
never the obvious threat that 's taking you on .
i would prefer it on the motor housing .
i 'm generally a 00/0/2p and about 100 pounds .
i guess it boils down to personal preference .
recharged iphone and still had double the power left .
the toastmaster only cost me eight dollars from odd-job .
no way this would ever start a v8 .
works better than any other sharpener i 've tried .
if you remove all the hyperbole and wishful thinking .
i purchased one of these 6 months ago .
do n't recommend for more than 2 a time .
you ca n't change heating levels on this model .
after several weeks , i saw virtually no results .
however , this phone falls short in many areas .
this case will do nothing to protect your phone .
este es el mejor nokia que he comprado .
what a piece of junk this toy is .
it toasts bread evenly and is extremely fast .
then wipe it clean with a microfiber cloth .
theses are cut to fit your phone snugly .
i use it when i take a shower .
excellent design leads to a wonderful , versatile tool .
i placed the opened lid in the top rack .
the stem broke on me after three docking attempts .
i originally gave this reel a good review .
we love the adjustment abilities of the motor/fan head .
then could n't get a jar open and ordered .
seller was grreat and should get five stars .
i restarted my console , but the glitch remained .
do n't waste your time or money on them .
they said it would cost me ... to repair .
it was the headset i was looking for .
even the frozen stuff is better at that point .
all this video shows are birds sitting in trees .
have n't been able to reuse a concentrator yet .
they in no way kept the sun mellow .
i am also impressed with the customer service .
also if yours sounds bad you got a fake .
i would recommend a single strap pack though .
this created similar problems but not nearly as scary .
too bad they come with such an awful game .
i 'll be completely to the point on this .
hang one of the longest pots or pans .
very confused and disappointed on both these products .
i recently bought this for my daughters ipod touch .
i went through the bottle very quickly though .
this is a terrific product at an excellent price .
today you get better visuals on high-end mobile phones.4 .
this is a very inexpensive usb otg cable .
the pants ripped the first time they were worn .
audio quality is fair and could use improvement .
this game is so unrealistic that it is boring .
so i keep those mugs separate just for coffee .
it 's nice but not double the price nice .
i like very tender meat like in chinese restaurants .
the heat is distributed well throught the entire pan .
these are good quality covers for your iphone .
at that point it stopped playing dvd 's altogether .
so it is very clear the way it works .
it protects the phone which is its main purpose .
these go on easily and are very forgiving .
and of course the smallest bowl is my favorite .
i would not buy this particular product again .
i have better things to do with my time .
do yourself a favor and do the same ! .
they are very comfortable in feel and fit .
i also do n't care for the brown color .
clearly , this product was manufactured for wilma flintstone .
i purchased this new presto canner to replace it .
4 sets were bought over 6 months ago .
i used to recommend this foundation to everybody .
the product i received was nothing like the pictures .
nope , none of the four lined up right .
grilled cheese sandwiches are in my near future .
these bowls deserve five stars for their quality .
i bought this and coasters as a gift .
it is also easy to assemble and then operate .
very convienent to have multiple chargers throughout the house .
you will have no clue as you shoot .
perhaps a rubber based one like the groomers reccommended .
i have not had any problems with them .
the solution is without a doubt mostly witch hazel .
christmas gift for 2 1/2 year old grandson .
i guess maybe i 'm too smart for this .
then it 's okay until something moves it again .
i would not recommend this bra to anyone .
i wanted something more efficient to cook sausages .
in addition it comes with a lint cloth .
i ordered the blue and white striped shoes .
it 's the perfect size for my cookie pan .
lately i 've been doing a lot of cooking .
the belkin had a smooth white power cord .
i 've never been disappointed with any baking order .
my hand falls asleep and tingles - not good .
i 'm shocked so many people like this game .
i really like the clip-on holster , very convenient .
not a big deal.all in all , good buy .
i would not recommend these pads at all .
lastly , read the manual entirely before you start .
does n't even come close to fitting this gun .
i like the material and how it was made .
and she carried it for a brief time .
i had very high hopes for these dishes .
gave me pimples and is super thick and greasy .
product was in great condition as i expected .
and the handle is classic professional kitchen cutlery .
this is really ideal for those who grind daily .
there are three main problems with this product .
i got this battery and case 4 days ago .
i am saving money and also the environment .
i like this : the size and the shape .
it always has air bubbles when it dries .
this pitcher is definitely superior in all ways .
i use them in my room to cook with .
then the trigger started coming loose and cracking .
nevertheless , this will be a very useful tool .
do n't let the cool box art fool you .
i will be using these for years to come .
i recently purchased the newtrent imp52d mobile power pack .
would order as a gift for family and friends .
i have a 10 pound dog , so yea .
bought the moto v60 and was really blown away .
i returned it along with the spray and shampoo .
just doing it one time gives u a blister .
suave is one of the cheaper shampoos out there .
the handle kept slipping around in my hand .
bought this pan for the great amazon price .
the handle is put on with only one screw .
they do ring stuff and slide around ring like .
i received this overnight with 2 day shipping .
the filter is a good stainless fine mesh screen .
i did not receive what is shown in picture .
unique to the ds ! the potential is there .
it even works on one very low pile rug .
i m stuck with this because its not salable .
the package consists of an interesting variety of treats .
the bottle was clearly half empty as well .
he loved playing with it at the store .
the way this product goes on is not bad .
which gives the advertised total capacity of 12 oz .
person and tried this junk in my prep .
cant say i have any complaints about it .
overall , a really good value for the money .
these replace an older oxo measuring cup set .
i had no idea what to do at first .
this charger works ok for my iphone 4 .
i returned the filters almost immediately after buying them .
fit poorly and really did not protect my phone .
i like the look and feel of this grater .
but sadly , it was just not as described .
will charge an ipod at least 3 times .
strains out the loose cork and tannins that separate .
this is a nice looking small towel bar .
i never found a way to organize the inventory .
i use to be a die hard mr .
i threw the whole bag in the trash .
i will be ordering different ones to replace these .
but once i got it , i love it .
with the smoothies i put the sticks in immediately .
only have to take off bottom to charge it .
fun and easy way to make much healthier popcorn .
you are better off buying indian almond leaves .
the seahorse is solid and clunky , not snuggly .
this strains the junk out of oil really well .
this salt was way too intense for me .
i 'm glad i found these avaiable via amazon .
this is really the way to look at it .
i tried the furminator trimmers , which were terrible .
this shoe tree is perfect for my needs .
they work equally good when cooking hot foods .
with this monitor i got a reading of 187/107 .
argan oil comes after fragrance on the ingredient list .
i would definitely recommend these for any iphone owner .
we find it perfect for cleaning veggies including potatoes .
eating healthy at work has always been a challenge .
of course , i gave her my extra one .
the case is very unique and colorful as well .
it saves money and a lot of time .
i have 2 problems with this specific product .
it does n't lock into place until it dries .
i also purchased the 12 inch locking tongs .
when we call the i-phone store for the battery .
these are spillproof , the lids fit very tightly .
immediately after application , i developed a strong headache .
besides that , it smells very bad and medicinal .
shenmue really is n't a video game at all .
the sites recommended wrapping the wheels with electrical tape .
and it works like a charm for that too .
also , they could increase the capacity to 7000+mah .
a short cable should be provided with the manufacturer .
particularly good if you own a double-oven multi-burner range .
i definitely would n't recommend this product to anyone .
my seven year old daughter was not a fan .
the software suite is very easy to understand .
i have a feeling that these will last forever .
i got it this morning and used it twice .
i think it was due to the connection .
for older children i think it would be fine .
thomas products are made well and this is made .
make enough at one time to last awhile .
a little soak and food cleans easily off .
i went by the directions on the package .
this is a style that i really like .
i bought this 4/1/11 and today is 11/29/13 .
i am not a big fan and this product .
i will be ordering the thinner slicer wheels .
looks like it will last a long time .
i have glass snapware refrigerator containers and love them .
works great on our 1 yr old rug .
this game is extremely annoying for two reasons .
that will take me a while to clean out .
i used to only buy oem but no more .
the bottle stoppers work well with oils as well .
heck , amazon even pays for the return shipping .
they are extremely lightweight and feel natural when worn .
this quickly froths warm milk for cappucinno and lattes .
an excellent replacement for my lost ear hook .
this is a great product by kitchen aid .
releases one or two at a time easily .
once i stopped this product the issues went away .
not a fan of this bottle at all .
this product has caused no end of problems .
canned salsa and tomatoes , and it was great .
i ordered these for a friend and myself .
this is the reason i bought three of them .
paring the device was very quick and painless .
otherwise it 's nice and light weight and reflective .
t-fal has a winner with the toaster oven .
i purchased this fan a few years back .
my parents gifted me this 10 years ago .
the included cable tie is a nice touch .
the charge cord is usb to micro usb .
i have bought many socks through the years .
easy to apply , very durable high quality product .
seriously , this marble run is dollar store quality .
the shoe box is way too tight and hard .
my son was super excited to get this .
and some people reading this may have dead zones .
the voice reception with this headset was just ok .
and this was a game marketed for kids .
does the job for what i need it for .
i probably just got a bad one this time .
this should have a traveling carnival with it .
it got to where it would not stay on .
i ordered both a bodum and this bonjour .
the spices which were supposed to be present .
i got some frontline right away and dosed them .
tried this for a month with no results .
i purchased this to charge my hotspot while driving .
we made a potato gratin using this chopper .
the gameplay is the only somewhat good part .
when the game works , it is pretty decent .
may be better for a smaller/less agressive chewer .
got a little bit dizzy trying to use it .
it does not register at all on my touchscreen .
her favorite is the telephone and computer sounds .
last night i tried align for the first time .
i purchased a small one & large one .
as a child i had a pet rock .
the knives can be used without the electric too .
i already owned an external battery from this company .
i would n't hesitate to recommend purchasing this product .
i have not expereicned any issues witrh anything breaking .
kudos to tracfone for being fair and honest .
i purchased this product to whiten my teeth .
protection is important as i have little ones .
the jabra wave does n't even deserve one star .
i certainly am obsessed with these colored cases .
in other words does not hold him at all .
the only adjustment for eggs is soft or hard .
it is heavier than i thought it would be .
my birds wanted nothing to do with these .
to me , this was a waste of money .
it is very efficient for tracking your billable time .
i tried the cable that came with another charger .
this one fits just right and is almost invisible .
and now the cleaning housing does not work .
i have been waiting on an answer from them .
might be why its jamming all the time .
purchased these as part of my wife 's christmas .
this item is fine for what it is .
i love the look and feel of the phone .
voice can not be understood as to any message .
i think it will last a long time .
all buttons work great and are easily accessible .
the silver is nicely built with a matte finish .
these books were all first available around nov .
highly recommend this home button over any others .
all in all a reasonably priced good pair .
it still works but i wonder for how long .
with the phon in it , it was awkward .
in other words it shipped directly from amazon .
i can see better with the extra real estate .
several people have mentioned having problems with 4-5 lb .
you really need to get the starter mixed well .
ended up getting a name brand to replace it .
i bought this for a close friend of mine .
i intended to use it to grind spices .
this toy was torn apart the first day .
this is the only one that i recommend .
warm up quicker thus heat an area quicker2 .
the dart must be thrown away at that point .
i hit them with all head and body shots .
the product is affordable and it works fine .
i sent the router back for a refund .
i bought this knife for myself and my sister .
i like this case because it fits well .
the fold-down wheels at the feet just look silly .
shipping was fast and item was rcvd as described .
it has been a great addition to my iphone .
all ports and buttons are exposed as they should .
they lock closed so are easy to store .
all in all , i like them a lot .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
you fill the reservoir with hot tap water .
this was easily fixed using the reset feature .
the mini food processor bowl cracked under that speed .
the key to toaster is know your bread .
they work fine in the microwave and dishwasher too .
the lid finally broke on my dear old kettle .
the same thing happened with my recent pair .
it goes away after a few days of usage .
i wanted it for my dog for the winter .
this device purchased new from verizon $ 273.73 .
but the pan makes great tasting bundt cakes .
i use it probably 5-8 times a day .
i was extremely disappointed , as i love csi .
i plugged it in and turned it on .
kudos to the woodcrafters for their beautiful handywork .
my boyfriend and i have 4 of these chargers .
the cops only seem to be after you .
and by sealed , i mean likely gorilla glued .
no amount of tightening or adjustment prevented the leakage .
saves money now i no longer buy bottled water .
we hestitated for a while because of the price .
i bought it because of the numerous positive reviews .
like many other reviewers say , it sounds great .
cleans with hot water , then i re-season it .
it is quiet and makes coffee very quickly .
they work very well on my cast iron pans .
i will not buy this food for my dog .
do remember your manners when dealings with all people .
i use it on my runs and on hikes .
this review is specific to the small size .
the fabric still looks as good as new .
the zester was easy enough to clean after use .
item arrived on time and in good condition .
no heat transfers through the mitt to my hand .
i like the finish on this bread pan .
i highly reccommend this item for iphone 4s users .
it has held up well over the years .
i 've used it to make rice or ramen .
the 30x30s were fine - until i washed them .
you can switch back and forth between them .
i especially like the size of these corn holders .
of course , amazon accepted return no questions asked .
easy clean up and it looks good too ! .
quality seemed very good and good heavy product .
the picture does not make justice to the product .
non-stick is easy to use and easy to clean .
all the chefs on tv use this brand .
i cook my spinach 30 seconds on stove top .
protects the phone from being dropped and scratched .
i did n't have the original packaging or receipt .
it has not trapped any fleas at all .
i love the calphalon commercial line of cookware .
a slight improvement at best using only this solution .
proteins in gel act as water soluble surficants .
not up to isotoner 's reputation sorry to say .
i will try the regular irish spring gel .
i sent them back and asked a replacement .
i bought this bag for winter hiking in florida .
i was expecting the cord in the picture .
i am not sure if it is washable .
it did n't seem to even moisturize that well .
it 's much worse than the original stevia extract .
my whole family hated the taste of it .
this box is flimsy which is in my expectation .
it is a perfect companion to your electronic devices .
the quality is obviously better than this cable .
well it kind of smelled like that but worse .
it 's heavy metal & has a lovely design .
eventually it will give you a start screen .
i have owned several shavers over the years .
nice speaker stands - very practical and sturdy2 .
it 's a huge production to clean w/this stuff .
it was a bit of hassle but livable .
this is an excellent device for boiling water .
i wanted to like this mac and cheese replacement .
it really deserves a 4.5 all things considered .
it is good that xenosaga iii redeemed the series .
they are durable and should last a long time .
this kitchenaid product is what my spouse wanted .
this seller needs to be investigated by amazon .
i am really surprised at all the negative responses .
maybe the seller is selling older stock socks .
i use it all the time to play games .
i was a big fan of the cressi products .
the boxes are difficult to carry when heavily packed .
when it is stale jbm coffee tastes stale .
the only thing i miss is the over-the-ear piece .
works well and is loud enough for me .
the only perks is the shine and the scent .
hopefully will not need to buy again until 2015 .
i used this scoop to make about 48 cookies .
they are a great value for the price .
plastic is ok quality but does what it should .
they would be perfect if they could n't break .
please dont use this as replacement for veteranary clinic .
i was impressed by the quality of this wood .
it leaves stubble behind and catches/pulls hairs alot .
you might like it more than i did .
it really reduces the amount of containers you need .
i really wanted to like this case , too .
i 've had this vac for about two years .
this item rattles like crazy in my jeep now .
i thought i was buying a charger only .
no effect yet on the non stick issue .
i like the expandable band which this watch has .
they had been damaged upon receipt from the retailer .
i like that the lid is see-through too .
but there were many things i dislike about it .
the say you can use them in the oven .
i threw away the lilac vegetal the next day .
it seats two and is sturdier than it appears .
nature 's path is a family-owned organic food company .
it does not fit like in the picture .
i bought this whirlwheel along with two other frisbees .
it works perfectly and is so very well made .
i am happy and will get more when needed .
a shame because the honey is normally delicious .
when grinding under a teaspoon it works pretty well .
the picture is identical to the one i have .
i have been using these headphones since last november .
these all worked splendidly and without an issue .
cuts through everything as if it were warm butter .
phone looks like new months later after normal use .
wind has no effect whatsoever on the ball .
i 'm embarassed walking into a supermarket wearing thing .
the phone fit of course w/o a case .
the case fits perfect with the shield protector on .
i purchased these to use as a breading kit .
after using the product i would get a headache .
these cake rounds fit a 10x10 box perfectly .
its pretty sturdy , hence somewhat noisy when juicing .
ive had it for at least a year .
it slides on counter when buttons are pushed .
the dongle is a cheap piece of crap .
at more than 8-oz of milk , the mr .
i would not give these to my grand kids .
but i mostly just found it annoying.-stupid case .
i wish that they would bring back the original .
i got this for twenty bucks here on amazon .
worth paying more for something that will last .
he just passes it by for other toys .
my favorite genre of games are survival horror .
then it went to hell in a hurry .
got this for my husband who loves video games .
this is a great solution for space-restricted kitchens .
an order form is enclosed with this grinder .
i usually have to switch back to the phone .
i figured i would have very crisp pizza bottoms .
they are mainly used for texting and calls .
they both worked very well for hand-held tools .
keeps your phone from getting all scratched up .
i have nothing bad to say about this product .
2 hours later half of the water was gone .
secondly , it leaks seeds due to poor design .
i use the medium bowl all the time .
the oven door closes tightly over the wire .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
not too bad but not too great either .
i purchased another within the first 2 months .
as other reviewers noted , the top is flimsy .
plenty tall for me.the first time we used it .
but these games are known for their music .
the chocolate covering had good flavor , and consistency .
the smell is so strong it burns my eyes .
handle is triple electro spot welded at both ends .
did n't realize how short the thing really was .
this makes the cost of the tube ridiculous .
oh well , not a big deal to me .
i use it everyday and it works great .
however drinking it was a task for me .
the shovel leavers are designed and perform exceptionally well .
i recently replaced one part for $ 3 shipped .
tenderizer part is heavy which makes it ideal .
so my scalp was irritated right after using this .
this collar made no difference whatsoever with my dog .
i thought these were the large pocky boxes .
i agree with many of the other reviewers .
not just one which could be a fluke .
i am now looking to buy the 5 qt .
if that is a concern , consider something else .
pour in your coffee , then your hot water.4 .
i gave them away at a yard sale .
the bristles fall out so fast its a joke .
lots of complaints and a few helpful suggestions .
it was strong and had a terrible after taste .
they are made of a durable , hard plastic .
i also feel that it is hard to manipulate .
if you blot the lipstick lightly it is wearable .
bought as a result of other positive reviews .
the phone is big enough as it is .
this looks like it would be a great toy .
note that i said *similar* & not identical .
it fits great and still has plenty of grip .
i always end up using a bowl anyway .
i have gone through three hs850 motorola headsets .
so i did not continue using the mascara .
am sure that it will work just fine .
it heats evenly and so very easy to use .
these filters are for a chemex coffee maker .
the graphics for ghost recon 2 are outstanding .
i ordered form the oem shop a br50 .
good thing i had a towel over my pillowcase .
i then install this and give it 100 pumps .
ok , so this could be a great case .
my daughter tried this and could n't even swallow .
i wear the headset in my right ear .
some of her acne was serious and left holes .
i finally went to the silver superstore on line .
hogue is a fine company with many terrific products .
bose shipped it overnight priority which was great .
i do love all the other leap frog products .
the plastic roofs are a big joke as well .
my last speck case weighed just 0.7 ounces .
the issue is it is too susceptible to dings .
this one is the best and easy to operate .
this pot does the job in a few minutes .
they all perform their function well and with style .
how hard is it to make the game easier .
i do not recommend this headset to anyone .
i plan to color my hair after this .
nice feel and good weight to the case .
i made a mess trying to paint my nails .
very wasteful of my time and my wax .
i will be looking much closer from now on .
we have had this thing for a while .
so far i 've been glad i purchased this .
bought this a year ago and installed it myself .
living alone , this one was perfect for me .
too bad too - love the opening otherwise .
better than fingerprints all over your phone or pad .
did not work for me because of side effects .
i cranked it up to maximum volume without distortion .
this is not a good bb cream or foundation .
this was a constant fight to keep in position .
it cut the ham very nice and thin slices .
but pretty satisfied with this battery as of now .
it 's not like i am making batches everyday .
it keeps the beverages hot more than 12 hour .
i returned it and went with the ballistic sg0930-mo65 .
even a new brush pops off every few seconds .
the tivoli is by far the most attractive .
way too big and not flattering at all .
offers protection like many , yet is slightly unique .
so i bought this whole unit to replace it .
anyway , if it worked it did not matter .
it is a very nice weight and color .
its a time saver - from a hand mixer .
sent it back will never get another one .
they were all subpar , and in tiny packages .
it fits nicely in the frig as well .
for me , black coffee is a better alternative .
i ended up giving this coffee machine away .
i can foresee having this shelf for many years .
my swiss army knife saved the completion task .
i also did not notice a screen color/brightness difference .
but my son got ahold of it today .
it is slide to fit the iphone perfectly .
tried frozen appetizers as well - they were okay .
this item appeared to have spilled completely during transit .
it was only one and it was red .
i wish they made these for iphone 5 .
but who knows why companies do what they do .
it seems to be only weakening it also .
i can recommend this voyager pro hd to anyone .
i use these bags for making nut milks .
other than that , it does a great job .
there was no good till date on my packaging .
first , their site gave me the wrong directions .
the same goes for beef and pork roasts .
there were the usual gem collecting and fun enemies .
we got the first bag from our vet .
after a week , i called for a status .
i had this product for little over 6 months .
if i could give zero stars i would .
i 've already recommended this mount to several friends .
the rotisserie is safe to use without a reflector .
so for her the shirt increased her anxiety .
literally , it tastes like sand in your mouth .
the item looks just as seen on the website .
i 'll buy a new charger from another company .
that review said to buy one of these .
i bought this model mainly for the gym .
we were able to contact otterbox through their website .
this line was the worst line i have used .
this is the size of all my dress shoes .
not a fan of this flavor at all .
so if you have black/ebony colored hair dont bother .
informing myself , that this machine is under recall .
it now wo n't even close the entire way .
i will have to try the other ear adapters .
all shrade/old timer knives have been outsourced to china .
just charge up and your ready to go .
the cupcakes poped out very easy and painfree .
i put it on my phone with no problems .
i would classify this as a piece of junk .
maybe i 'll find someone to give it to .
but i still want to stress- waste of money .
fortunately , my otterbox case fits my phone perfectly .
so far so great ! really does the job .
just plug in any old external hdd and go .
it is also great for making flavored butters .
i got it pretty fast in the mail .
but the power of the motor muscles through .
has great suction and the carpet setting is great .
all the pieces are labeled and simply snap together .
although it works i do not reccomend it.karlac .
i chose this model based on amazon reviews .
using it for olive oil with no problems .
that needed to be put on the outside .
no more ants bothering my canaries or their babies .
the new and improved jawbone prime hugs your face .
go easy on washing with soap as well .
beautiful to look at but finish was chalky .
a new gameing style they have never seen .
it still has the original battery in it .
talk about cheap junk do n't waist your money .
after setting it up , i returned it immediately .
whew ! i am now enjoying it every morning .
ca n't believe just how well the mic works .
its a real pain drawing from this holster .
bought this for at my window in my shed .
a little messy to clean out like any blender .
there is a lot of mixing of colors necessary .
of the three , this is the clear winner .
wow - this arrived faster than i thought .
the world as you know it will change .
i just happened to get a bad batch .
i bought this game thinking it would be good .
i am a vacuum conoisseur , if you will .
works with both my ipad and ipad2 flawlessly .
please correct the sizing info on this item .
normally our german shorthaired pointer eats the fancy food .
store it out of reach of small hands .
i bought this heating pad for the office .
i put it in and started playing it .
the whole machine makes for a quick morning cleanup .
the square-ish shape nicely accommodates two decent size steaks .
they pick up large artichokes with no problem .
after about 2 weeks the sound stopped working .
tried to put my credit cards in the slots .
but for the cost , definitely a great buy.p .
had another one that only lasted a week ! .
i have arthritis and the handle is so kindly .
i almost always turn mine up to max power .
holds firmly in place , no wiggling at all .
the connection was solid with my iphone jack .
it is heavy duty and a snap to clean .
i love how solid and sturdy it feels .
it does a great job on carpets and furniture .
worst fire ant killer ever bought in entire life .
it stopped working after only about 6 days .
no more cutting scones and hoping they are even .
this is the most amazing waste of money .
this vendor should be bannded from operating on amazon .
i searched the reviews and ordered a unu .
i stand by loreal products as a whole .
i bought this item specifically for the design .
it looks absolutely stunning sitting on my kitchen counter .
reset button and repeated attempts to connect failed.not recommended .
i can see them mocking me in the mirror .
so , just calm down and wait it out .
can never have too many batter cables and chargers .
the basket and the lid are dishwasher safe.great deal .
very easy to change out the battery , too .
i hate the taste of plastic in my coffee .
great quality well ahead of the plastic-handled peelers .
something like you would see at a convenient store .
get the mix out of the fridge or freezer .
it does not have a side pour notch .
it just makes for a difficult and confusing experience .
would like a refund to say the least .
wish there was a different version of this one .
my samsung solstice ii has never sounded clearer .
the price is right for a great value .
i will be using it for my daily dinners .
protruding antenna could possibly break if handled carelessly.3 .
the more you do , the better it gets .
large enough to fry four whole chicken breasts .
stick with a tried and true twist grinder .
i like my revere ware steamer a lot better .
a cheaper mouse may well have been much better .
this was just what i was looking for .
i would never recommend one of these new models .
this should n't even be a point of consideration .
this is the strangest pan i 've ever had .
you can do a search and read more .
after much cleaning the images are now almost recognizable .
and you get so many for a good price .
in my opinion , it beats steaming the milk .
the mc2 finish is durable and very attractive .
it may come standard on higher end models though .
i purchased this mangroomer back shaver 9 months ago .
bought my first one from amazon at $ 700 .
blew up the second time i used it .
i would recommend this product to a friend .
my german shep was actually scared of it .
i suspect it will last me many years .
connect your headphones or speakers inside the audio port .
this was defiantly a great buy for our kitchen .
i experimented with settings and tasted the waffles .
the razor blade is a deal breaker though .
really seems like they went backwards in this game .
all three worked quite well in quieter environments .
this product is a must-have for anyone who cooks .
and that is where i made my mistake .
so - as a product it gets 5 stars .
i would have done beter using zip ties alone .
i will never hand peel an apple again .
it looked like something you get for 50 cents .
was a great little pump , while it lasted .
be aware there is no automatic off switch .
i upgraded from a 2nd generation 10 gb ipod .
so with that thought in mind , buyer beware .
the one we purchased arrived but did not work .
we have stopped buying anything from this company .
be sure to remove the lacquer on the inside .
i have always been an otterbox guy until now .
useful , even if you have a regular kitchen .
we really like this grinder as a flax mill .
yuk ! this used to be very nice coffee .
for the money these are a good buy .
works effortlessly and with no mess at all .
my wife bought me one of these for christmas .
she uses it well and recommended to me .
so i use stevia extract instead of sugar .
and then came the oil down my arm .
this is a very nice set of flatware .
i have to disagree with the one reviewer .
it cleans up very well most of the time .
i wish is would come in more colors .
love the little magnet that holds the lid .
it heats up slower than some other materials .
8 characters ? that reminds me of 1980 dos-filesystem .
i use the small one at our fish camp .
also , the sound is directed towards the front .
now the fun begins trying to get it replaced .
i have photos posted comparing the boxes as well .
i was searching for a benzoyl peroxide leave-on treatment .
i am still looking for the ultimate verminator .
i actually forget they are on my neck .
i am not a fan of these lemon cookies .
amazon sent a 2nd oven to replace the first .
kitchen was designed with space specific to this product .
i hand wash all my knives and shears .
after 6 years i broke my first carafe .
everything is in tact , with a few additions .
i wish i had read the reviews more closely .
people were no longer able to hear me .
do suggest getting the tip cleaning tool in addition .
at first i was hesitant to purchase this mixer .
good storyline and great gameplay with infinite saves .
i 've had several upss now for a while .
i would buy another if i change phones .
it heals the canker sore in 3 days .
it is everything you would expect of all clad .
amazon does n't seem to have many of these .
i do know its just taking to long .
i bought it to replace my dead swifter .
this brush was defective out of the box .
so i decided to try it on ps2 .
i recommend it for anyone wanting a great product .
my iphone has no other cover on it .
i bought it to match in my car .
i ordered these tops to use to make yogurt .
purchased the wenzel mattress and returned two times .
i like not sacrificing viewing space when i type .
both from the same product page.so my question .
i did n't want to gamble on a replacement .
it is a novelty piece that is not functional .
its just plain hard to climb trees with these .
okay fpr the price this is a must have .
it is universal and will work with any phone .
i have to admit i only used this once .
i think its just eh way it was designed .
does the job and is easy to clean .
this food processor is compact and easy to operate .
for a family of 2 , this is ideal .
it seemed like it was opened already when .
it only slightly hindered encapsulation but greatly annoyed me .
star wars : sote had a lot of potential .
surprisingly effective on carpets because of the brush roller .
for the price i really expecte it to be .
pull cord ones get tangled or rotted cords .
it 's basically just a chapstick in a pot .
great deal for 5 versatile ad colorful cutting surfaces .
should be the 323 sneaker , not 623 sneaker .
plan on getting extra for when you lose them .
it simply does not grind to different coarseness .
needless to say i am returning this palette immediately .
i saw them on special sale for $ 59.00 .
the color is like a clear brown color .
i have performed the cleaning procedure several times .
however thus one is by far the better one .
makes wondrous custards and delectable roasts as well .
i like the ease of connectivity for bluetooth .
this taught me not to chomp too heavily .
we make patties on it or grill shrimp .
is still shiny after decades of hard use3 .
put 1 quart of water into the machine .
so handy having a 2 cup measuring cup .
significantly better than the knife we used previously .
connection quality is contingent with your cellular connection quality .
i hope people out there have some suggestions .
i just love it and so will you ! .
i was really worried i would have terrible results .
this is my 3rd bottle of keys solar rx .
all in all this is a very unsatisfactory product .
you do n't ever do that to cast iron .
purchased these by accident and decided to keep them .
great product and happy to have found it .
this is a very nice stainless steel saucepan .
it 's about 9-1/4 x 11-1/4 x 5-1/2 deep .
next time i will get a better brand .
chia is high in calories , infact really high .
this is the perfect bread knife for me .
it was winter with snow on the ground .
pat dry with paper towel or dish towel .
we have used up all of the supplied solution .
so i agree that bp does bleach the skin .
product arrived on schedule and in good condition .
the lock is hardly a lock at all .
read the instructions carefully when you get your pan .
too bad i could not purchase this unbleached .
experience has taught me harnesses do not really work .
will buy more when this supply runs out .
it makes the drink taste like a melted creamsicle .
this product does n't seem to work for me .
i knew i was getting quality with this cuisinart .
the events range from tickle sessions to embarrassing poses .
it stores so much inside and even on top .
the amazon blurb should have been corrected years ago .
the beep is especially loud to get your attention .
you can attach ringtones and photos to your contacts .
there are much better products on the market .
i got this router and am just plain disappointed .
there is no focus knob.will not adjust for zero .
giving up and going back to my bluetooth earpiece .
thanks to all of those who recommended this product .
my three dogs found nothing interesting with this toy .
such a great color to add to my collection .
i bought the clay to reduce my adult acne .
but its still better than my original battery .
still on the hunt for the perfect omelet pan .
i got this to charge my atrix batteries .
weights are consistent from one time to the next .
so far i have not uncovered any secret .
this is why it slides all over the place .
this way i could still hear my coworkers .
it needs to warm up for about a minute .
i wasted money on this piece of garbage .
i was in terrible pain from the cracking .
this game should have stuck with its strong points .
i did not see any result on my scar .
works great for my htc droid incredible 2 .
it was absolutely nothing more than a regular moisturizer .
the full spectrum light is nice and bright .
the blue grip part of this item may stain .
the white part gets more flexible towards the tip .
i like the gripping capability of these tongs .
product is solid and performs its functions as expected .
i liked it well enough to use it .
i will never buy another and you should n't .
this soft leather case is pretty much as described .
is very durable and protected the phone great .
i got my money back on the other one .
it could be the type of dog she is .
the knifes where like new again and cuttting great .
warm the pan on low to almost medium heat .
there is nothing not to like about it .
this was my first l'oreal night cream purchase .
not a lot else to say on these beauties .
i realized the problem only after i purchase it .
i have actually been using this headset for years .
for the price i had nothing to loose .
i could not tell if it did anything .
helps to keep the paddles clean inside and out .
it keeps the small form of the iphone .
i previously used a similar thermos travel mug .
the right ear 's cord is about 12 inches .
you ca n't go wrong with any oxo product .
hmm the touch screen and controls were n't working .
that 's plenty for even two more enthusiastic eaters .
i had the charger for less than 3 weeks .
this did n't work right out of the package .
there are only a few disadvantages : battery life .
we seem to go through it like water .
indeed , this game delivered a solid rpg gameplay .
this attachment has been a real useful thing.gary peterson .
i was sooooo disappointed when i received this watch .
it has never failed and makes great coffee .
the other makers that have multi-portions have 7 .
there are many functions lacking such as ddns support .
again this is based on a note phone .
i think its a great value for money .
the problem is that the f-connectors are terrible .
we have had these same shears for years .
the face was ripped off in an hour .
far too baggy in the seat and thigh area .
i bought it mostly because it is black .
just the ticket to dry fresh cut pasta .
we will try a cuisinart machine next time .
i get either complete silence or pure static .
new to the gf world as of 12/10 .
i have noticed no difference since taking this product .
this was the right product at the right price .
the next morning i had a terrible headache .
i think that would have gone away eventually .
to be quite honest the glass is absolutely ugly .
unit works great but buy the 2 gig .
this revieww is only for the cashew/agave nectar .
this support actually made my knee hurt worse .
my brother still refuses to trade up this phone .
used it to store men 's shirts and suits .
this one is definitely not.the gift looks lovely .
i expected better performance than this unit delivers .
the one i was replacing was the 3-cup maker .
it just snapped right on with no problem .
this is just a fact , not a fault .
they work for hanging things like bibs from .
use your money wisely and get something useful .
could n't find proper directions or ingredient list anywhere .
honestly i miss those old ones your grandparents had .
this table is quite sturdy when properly tightened .
makes the shower area more attractive and inviting .
this is illegal to falsely claim made in usa .
this was a nice umbrella when it worked .
received 2 of these about a week ago .
the case guards against other objects damaging the phone .
it did teach me to not buy simpletech products .
just wish that is was all black design .
the cases came to my house very fast .
i bought this for a 2012 jeep wrangler .
but other brands might do just as well .
the lid fits well ; the strainer is sturdy .
i 've had this for a few months now .
quick shipping and seems to be good quality .
it will work with my new smart phone .
you can also add descriptions if you want to .
it is easier to clean than others too .
i bought more and kept a set for myself .
i bought this mandoline slicer almost 6 months ago .
and the best part is the wind/noise cancellation abilities .
yes , it is a kettle and heats water .
but this model and service have been excellent .
the flat top surface makes cleanup fairly easy .
additionally , everyone can see you have traps down .
well , i was rather apprehensive about this product .
this is just a great , old fashion pitcher .
something i should have figured out way earlier .
it is also very good at flattening meats .
it was fishy smelling and the taste was off-putting .
i own all sorts of headphones and ear buds .
sent it back to amazon.bought this taylor unit .
but i also saw that people said the opposite .
other pellets haveproved to be much more accurate .
bought this car charger for the blackberry bold 9700 .
i would even fathom wearing them to work .
in my opinion , wusthof classic is the best .
overall , good quality for the price i paid .
i ordered them not really knowing what to expect .
it has left a bitter taste in my mouth .
it fell and scooped right underneath the egg .
what the h _ _ _ was i thinking .
easy to attach and unattach to my iphone 3gs .
and i think i have one more to buy .
but we still had a little leftover bean soup .
when you recharge the unit it is pretty quick .
i do n't use my cord charger much anymore .
no toxic non-stick chemicals are going into our food .
at least this this product came on time .
i received this cover and it is poorly made .
the pitching & throwing meters are very irratating .
quality control is less than lacking in this .
big crunchy seed cubes with a touch of sweet .
was just used this morning and worked great .
i would say it is a good purchase .
which were cluttering up the top of my refrigerator .
eventually metal fatigue sets in and the hinge snaps .
we have only used one battery so far .
inulin is supposed to come from vegetable fibers .
the handlebars are also a little narrow and low .
at the price it is a good starter brush .
third , i stepped on it and it bowed .
they certainly were comfortable and the price was right .
occasionally the buds will pop out of my ears .
we 've used it for about 5 months now .
the smaller plates really allow me to do this .
makes prepping your cookies for the oven faster .
this is not an advantage , but a distraction .
the slightest twig will break the leading strilng cutter .
i plan on buying more of these convenient bookcases .
first off this toy is a little creepy .
i will be buying another one for chicken .
high freq notes sound very shrill and broken .
not quite as good on hard vegetables like carrots .
i bought a medium and it looked great .
tall and looks good sitting on the counter .
this is a nice cabinet for the price .
other than that , the cover does its job .
the mask arrived on time , undamaged and clean .
i might have my dad use it instead .
this is a great knife for the price .
this screen arrived when said that it would .
i bought this knife relaying on a reviewers information .
i wish it came in a smaller size .
so now i can discreetly listen to my music .
described to fit dogs 15-35 pounds w/18-25 inch waist .
this was just some nice add ons and tweaking .
sometimes buttons must be pushed again and again .
works great no problems with it so far .
good and useful cable , working well for me .
also a wonderful size for a small counter top .
i like the way it bakes the crust .
the higher the number the crispier it will be .
two tablets per day , 60 tablets per bottle .
the only negative is that the cord is short .
these would make excellent stocking stuffer 's for anyone .
it took two tries to get an unbroken board .
i bought this product to connect my directv line .
they make my water taste soft and refreshing .
i was impressed liked the phone 's search function .
i quickly realized that autofocus was not working properly .
it chops things that i hate too like onions .
there is not much you can put there .
this has become my go-to set of chargers .
do n't get me wrong- i like peanut butter .
i prefer using this can opened to an electric .
this is my favorite headset i have ever owned .
first , i was able to figure it out .
you need gil to get anywhere in this game .
i was highly disappointed with the brewed coffee .
i am having trouble saying anything nice about it .
sides are high for big fingers but very protective .
the keys are pretty small for my stubby fingers .
bought this for storing sour dough in the refrigerator .
space saver is the words i 'm looking for .
purchased four of these to use for that process .
the phone fits well in the vehicle docking stations .
almost any size cell phone fits into this holder .
the non pressure lid is a great addition.highly recommend .
i followed the instructions completely on how to attach .
it is very sticky but not an adhesive .
i used half that amount and it was plenty .
this is an excellent case for my iphone 4-s .
i cook real food , everyday for my family .
buy any other transformers game just not this .
the metal timex watches are a better product .
i use this cord as my work charger .
it 's always slipping off the top or bottom .
it is impossible to simply turn the damn character .
the product is great because we are lego fans .
looking forward to a 5-star review on the replacement .
bass is good for such a small dock .
what a sleazy way to sell an item .
made great cookies and shaped food for the kids .
its heading for the trash as i type .
at least i got a nice fire starter .
from what i played , i did enjoy it .
i love the extra shelves and more drawer space .
nothing is more of a drag than that .
to say i am delighted is an understatement .
hopefully this does not become a major problem .
get this phone , you will not regret it .
i guess it has to be a continuous signal .
she likes it and thinks it looks pretty cool .
more like corn snow , only a little finer .
the problem is the sound is plain tinny .
i tend to burn through/lose 3.5mm cables pretty frequently .
this item works just as i thought it would .
it just clumped up at my tear duct .
i have had this watch for about 4 months .
it is on the inside , against your cheek .
i 've had them for 6 hours so far .
if she talks to quiet it does n't work .
those who have used both usually have a preference .
meat waste can have very bad things in it .
i was very pleased with this thermal carafe .
these letters are way smaller than i had realized .
for me it was a waste of money .
this charger is reliable for about 6 months .
this is a great addition to my home goods .
not for iphone or phones with top buttons .
all in all it is a great case .
we have bought three , and two have failed .
it was a chore to eat just 1 .
it makes rolling out pie dough a snap .
i bought this cut sandwiches for halloween party .
it protected the device against hits and some scratches .
i did not get much effect from taking this .
i also use it for slicing vegetables , i.e .
i lost it when i moved and was distraught .
i had allergic reaction that i ca n't explain .
the oil is super oily and hard to spread .
i have been using plantronics for about 20 years .
these are great for taking food to work .
which i have not even seen in my account .
it is easy to use and works very well .
this product is great if you follow the instructions .
not that great of flavor compared to other reviews .
i was very careful to follow the directions extactly .
it is so much easier to keep the s.s .
also , the same result in my toshiba laptop .
also easy to acccess and grab the knives .
amazon has the best price on this in town .
that is really the only thing that matters .
i 'm also really impressed by unreal tournament 2003 .
the only case i would buy again and again .
this thing weighs a lot for an electric trimmer .
my packaging was fine , bubble wrapped and all .
simply stated , that is a load of crap .
perhaps wp really is meant for low-level entry users .
it works great and it is fun to use .
the texture is just right when its finished .
easy to use and comfortable to the ear .
what a fantastic wedding gift this would make .
altogether a not-so-great ordering experience from this provider .
i tested at home , and it worked fine .
so you can preserve your crop rather easily .
this otterbox is a true defender of the iphone .
the game play also gets repetitive after a while .
i removed it and replaced with a different case .
my 20 months girl did n't draw its once .
we make real vanilla to add to recipes .
definitely sharpens my set of henckles knives very effectively .
i carry it in my purse anywhere i go .
these are beautiful large glasses , perfect for reds .
the game is single-threaded and has its own scheduler .
i would n't hesitate to buy more of these .
i read all of the reviews before purchasing .
it has good options , but not done correctly .
made the best cup of coffee i ever had .
looks purple not pink but its still cute .
but , i wanted something better in a phone .
it 's so handy to have when you travel .
go once through the pizza & it is sliced .
the ability to charge two iphones/ipods/ipods is great .
you press the button once to turn it on .
amazon price is cheap and delivery is quick .
should easily last the lifetime of the phone .
i got the size xl for my doberman mix .
the accessories included in the kit worked very well .
i am extremely satisfied with this toaster oven .
something some may want to keep in mind .
i also found it too heavy to use easily .
running the software on the cd is easy too .
this is a very nice group of whisks .
the ear buds dont sit tightly in the ear .
i had to do it like 8 times .
it 's very simple to use and seals great .
i bought this with other different sized mixing bowls .
buy this knife you will not regret it .
i will update with my experiences with it .
this product is clearly a misadventure in engineering .
i have never burnt corn since that time .
bottled water is way more expensive than gas .
remember do not spray water on a grease flame .
i like this phone and would recommend it highly .
i have to use my nails or a pen .
less one star for manufacturing a defective unit .
- what a waste of time and money .
this is the largest brotform i 've ever used .
the tray has already warped after the first use .
however the heat factor is just a nightmare .
i did not buy from a 3rd party seller .
maybe i 'll try putting them in the oven .
i give this 5 stars for a reason .
also small enough to maneuver around a crowded pan .
animal crossing could have been a great game .
i boughten 2 of these air hepa purifier .
mint with chocolate shavings is our favorite so far .
it is quite large even for a normal fridge .
i am using the same wall unit plug too .
plus he is not rough on his toys .
always impresses me with amount of time between charges .
this is the only thing that concerns me .
no complaints other than the price for 50 count .
typically i only relax my hair every 6-8 weeks .
it actually looks much better than other shoe racks .
package came on time even with the holidays .
i traded out all my vehicles for this antenna .
it is a pc game at its purist point .
it is approved for internal and external use .
my husband got me the earrings and matching pendant .
it looks almost identical except for the turret actuator .
i really , really wanted to love this item .
these would also be good for storing spices .
i like having a screen protector on my pone .
works better than the battery the phone came with .
looks exactly like the apple charger and works wonderfully .
all in all , i dont reccomend this game .
the replacement stone had an even larger chip .
it arrived very quickly and well-packaged but not over-packaged .
my son loves mack and he loves this toy .
some other reviewers have complained that it was slow .
i use it for a multitude of purposes:1 .
i find them so useful and needed some more .
i always thought paper filters were a pain .
this liner was not only expensive it dried out .
i will also attempt to use this company .
the blue stuff foamed up in the bowl .
hi.i got this exact grinder about 6 years ago .
i 'm a big fan of the french press .
the foam on this bed is very soft .
no ac mobile charger and an underweight aftermarket battery .
it 's nice to reach for this pink scope .
you must be physically fit to carry it upstairs .
that condemns me to buying a new cm .
it looked really warm so i wanted one too .
i ordered this one and i am happy again .
i kind of prefer a more natural look .
starting e2 was 25 pg/ml before taking myomin .
thankfully the cable comes with the kindle ereader .
i do wish it had a silverware holding device .
they can also be detached when being used .
i ca n't give it less than five stars .
we finally gave up and took it back .
it 's held up just as good as new .
answer and end call button on outside of earpiece .
just something for storing things in the cabinet .
purchased for myself and others of my church .
friends and strangers alike say : ooh how pretty .
i would recommend looking elsewhere for your foil cutter .
this one did not do it for me .
i am really enjoying using these measuring spoons .
only mandoline that has ever worked for me .
but it is quiet compared to other juicers ! .
its sleek black exterior is consistent in color .
tires are quality but pneumatic ablloon would be better .
but the strap is too short for that .
i was very dissapointed with its audio performance .
it is not made for real rifles or shotguns .
the bag itself seems sturdy but bad zipper .
- it does not fit the iphone g3 .
the movement of the characters are fairly realistic .
pretty much like what it states on the box .
what else could i expect for the price ! .
overall , this product was not worth the money .
bought this to put my brown sugar in .
trust me do not go for this title .
it was located by plain old sticky boards .
there is nothing wrong with this dog toy .
sounds is really great compared to other headsets .
it 's easy to use and easy to clean .
this is definitely a misleading advertisement for the product .
i can not recommend this bra to full-busted women .
i hung two ladders and push spreader with them .
i have tried several locations in the room .
a complete waste of money so do not buy .
hope it lasts longer than the two year warranty .
a year later and i still hate this thing .
this is kind of a sucky blush palette .
the waffles came out easily with a plastic fork .
this stand was working great for about two weeks .
you get what you pay for in this case .
i recycled them both and will try again .
we use it for coffee and for loose tea .
i tried this system on 2 different occasions .
this was the best price i could find .
it sleeps into the vacuum easily and removes easily .
will give them to someone else to use .
broken glass in the kitchen is no fun .
i bought this when i bought the pop maker .
i ordered these despite a few negative reviews .
the price is so low that is unbelievable .
switched back to clay and she was fine again .
this case does not feel sturdy at all .
i would gladly ask for my money back .
not too much you can say about a charger .
but must of the application i use are available .
nothing beats a fresh pulled shot of espresso .
yes i had to connect it to my phone .
this case is great for the iphone 4/4s .
that 's why i ordered such a large quanity .
i used it for thanksgiving turkey and turkey burgers .
but our son asked and asked for this buzz .
note , this is not a replacement for canning .
this is so very easy to use and clean .
or any other devices that can charge over usb .
the one sent to me was maroon in color .
price is the best i could find online .
it is not durable for a strong chewer .
this makes it very hard to cut all day .
i run my ac through the dishwasher w/no problems .
it is not the smallest on the market either .
it eliminated the smell that lingered after pan frying .
i will definitely not recommend this phone to anyone .
obviously my opinion differs from the rest of you .
we 've had the old-fashioned wooden mallet for years .
the length on these is great for indoor cooking .
he got the short end of the stick here .
they rusted over after about 3 months of use .
that is my only complaint about this gadget .
i may try others but really satisfied with these .
not crooked and bent from shipping but from design .
i am satisfied with this case so far .
smells good as it 's perking in the pot .
i have several of these chargers and love them .
great for use as a cleaver or a slicer .
so be careful of getting the body wet .
( i have a different one i like ) .
easy to use and very easy to clean up .
i wore them everyday during my culebra vacation .
just buy it because you will be happy .
it 's sturdy and stands up well to abuse .
i want their products to be in my phone .
1963 kodachrome ) slides were damaged by the fluid .
also the quantity of the food is too slight .
it just feels well made when you use it .
keeps coffee hot for more than an hour .
i would recommend this case to another buyer .
i get abysmal phone reception in my apartment .
the heating elements in my unit are mostly uniform .
i always kept them in the freezer door .
just what we needed for our vacuum cleaner .
i wish that everything was so well-designed and robust .
i did n't expect to use it for that .
having the right tools makes any task easier .
i love metal measuring cups for one reason .
one may need something to push the small buttons .
my friends and family liked how retro it looked .
this one is a lot thicker and sturdy .
i played a game today and won 10-6 .
very disappointed with this product as i expected more .
we have a dog next door with awful owners .
exactly what i needed for my cake pop projects .
i would not hesitate to purchase this again .
this is something i should have purchased long ago .
it took me 3 hrs to do it *carefully* .
i always used the long handled vegetable brushes .
this does what it should with no problems .
i 've used it for round bread too.highly recommended .
she uses it a lot and really loves it .
3/4 less than retail outlet just as good quality .
this was the first elago case i ever bought .
good quality cookware for the money and dishwasher safe .
i have never been disappointed with the results .
i enjoy listening to my iphone while i do .
it works well and is easy to clean .
this item was used for about a week .
the messages themselves are linked to the wrong sender .
they sop your phone from showing wear and tear .
i figured betty crocker would make a great cake .
but it is what the kids want i guess .
he likes the color and style of the cover .
let me begin by saying that i love frownies .
i would recommed this item to any user .
attach to studs on drywall or use wall anchors .
i 'm glad i chose this over the kitchenaide .
which means it 's probably worth the extra money .
i experience the least amount of cut out here .
i would rather have gluten than eating this .
it cuts my canning time nearly in half .
i was recommended this product by a hair stylist .
and once you play it , you understand why .
we use it for cotton balls and q-tips .
3 months later i noticed discoloration inside the carafe .
i 'm sure this potato masher will last forever .
if you have a heavy hand , no worries .
too bad i 'm stuck with five more boxes .
sunday scones have become a part of our routine .
my hands did n't end up feeling gross either .
i received it 2 days earlier than expected .
seems to be a good product so far .
but it does the job at a cheap price .
the only drawback is the plastic housing seems cheap .
it has held up well through one camping season .
the plastic belt clip is of no value .
i think this foodprocessor was the better choice .
it was only $ 8.50 and the last one .
it just seemed to move the hair around .
lol , i now have an interesting paper weight .
great for microwaving stuff with lid in place .
these measuring cups make measuring liquids easy and precise .
i have been very happy with these spoons .
for this price i was n't expecting top quality .
only stay on for less then 15 minutes .
its a great card holder..it fits about 4 cards .
i used this a few times a month .
but the case wasvery rough on my phone .
i will never buy hamilton beach products again .
obviously it is a good size for sauces also .
it is a basic for making soups and stews .
the copper core line was not yet available .
trying to snare the naive -- shame on amazon.con .
will send it back and try to get refund .
the fibrox handle is well worth the added cost .
my mother and grandmother would have loved this gadget .
i used the cookies as gifts for neighbors .
their products are much better suited for my needs .
the hype is unwarranted in my humble opinion .
i anticipate that this knife will last many years .
it instructs the user not to use boiling water .
this car mount is really good for the price .
i now enjoy bacon cooked from a microwave .
this battery for my lg ally is working fantastic .
it is terrible to be without a phone .
my 4 year old daughter received this for christmas .
it bakes in 3 and a half hours .
it felt solid and others could hear me fine .
it is so below the usualy ff standards .
this is my third purchase of exactly this product .
twitter and facebook are even more tightly integrated .
dog hair is difficult to remove from upholstery .
these redesigned measuring cups do n't have that problem .
at least it was this nice monster cable one .
saw reviews that said this is an ongoing problem .
i finally disconnected the server and gave up .
it will make cooking an even more joyous experience .
fits still tight and has held without loosening .
this one is by far the better quality .
the grip is good and the blade is sharp .
gave this as a gift to an elderly lady .
we both immediately got tight clusters on target .
used with a really thin soap like dr .
these phone protectors are ok but kind of suck .
i guess how can you describe a cable .
they 're great for storing stuff in the fridge .
battery works great ! just like the original did .
i find myself using it more often than expected .
i have not used or needed them yet .
the cheap silicon does n't stay on the phone .
full-tang construction gives it good balance , and durability .
works great with my blackberry tour on verizon .
the stew cooked up fabulously in the new pot .
the biggest surprise was that they were too long .
external holes also get plugged with nice finishing dowels .
fortunately i only received 1 bag and not 12 .
this thing barely provides a one to one charge .
it also will season meats etc for the grill .
i wear mine everyday and almost all day .
too bad burt 's bees sold out to clorox .
even if it results in a 5 pack .
the blade is completely rigid , no bending ever .
this tripod is made of very cheap materials .
a few drops and the phone is fine .
i do n't recommend wasting cash on this one .
i would recommend this coffee maker to anyone .
my husband enjoys cooking on his big green egg .
the components are solid and well put together .
so spend the extra money and this case .
i have been using a covered litter box .
also love the convenience of how it is used .
my computer was running intel extreme 3d onboard chipset .
the only downside was that it scratched very easily .
that was before they sold out to nestle purina .
the cats are n't interested in playing with it .
also much easier to remove the black cover .
i have nothing bad to say about this spinner .
they wash & dry just great in the dishwasher .
the pan sits firmly on the glass top .
i have yet to experience that with this model .
i 'm sure it adds to their bottom line .
my pitty tore this to shreds in one day .
that could add up to 10lbs a year .
buy more than one and youll be fine .
helps me save space in my limited space house .
go for the new and improved 2003 edition .
note that this is not a small fan .
it is 47 '' long and weighs 4 pounds .
buying ground meat from a grocery is grotesque .
it needs two to even begin to work .
i would not buy this having the 20/20 hindsight .
i 'm glad i have it in my kitchen .
i immediately threw it away.no more carafes for me .
keeps the charge and had no problems with it .
i am too health conscious to take this product .
still looking for something that will work as expected .
bought this as a gift for my husband .
plus a patch was released the very first day .
the plastic was broke and would not latch .
so glad they have continued manufacturing this product ! .
just preheat it with the oven for 30-45 minutes .
got me once , my bad i am learning .
ca n't ask for more than 38 years service .
these sleeves have two sections and are clear .
i have one of these at my cottage .
its i great purchase for protection of my phone .
these were all i had hoped for and more .
will hold for 10 second then droop back down .
she is as pale as anyone i know .
these salmons are in water not vegetable oil .
this is 3rd coffee maker in a year .
this was a nightmare for all of us .
i would recommend it to all my friends .
i thought maxell button batteries were a great value .
to date i have not found a better cooker .
i am really very happy with this hair dryer .
this thermometer was perfect for what i wanted .
bought this for my mother as a gift .
meanwhile , nazis are coming out of the woodwork .
then another 1/2 cup clr in the normal wash .
no burning or discolorization as other reviewers have mentioned .
i have been looking for red canisters for awhile .
this item came when it was supposed to .
i have only had it for about a month .
i cant bring myself to use it again .
i always buy regular sized toys for my dogs .
continuous talk time is about 8 hours for me .
soft serve at best is what this unit does .
it 's like a little chip in the plastic .
no more mess and no more cooking spray .
well the predator does n't like them one bit .
it is also great when cooking a roast .
the design helps with holding onto the phone .
do n't buy these from the first aid company .
keeps wine fresh and is fun to use ! .
this toy just did not spark their interest .
it allows vertical and horizontal use of the phone .
it looks good and fits my phone perfectly .
made in china crap and not worth returning .
its not a dish that can hold several portions .
the problem was that it tore up the meat .
there is no way to tighten the wire .
there were no bubbles and no trapped dust particles .
i bought this phone about six months ago .
i think i am going to right now .
it embarasses a truly innovative line of healthier products .
you can sprinkle on some seasoning if you like .
that may help control batting averages a bit .
it turned out a wonderful professional looking applesauce cake .
i would recommending going with one made of brass .
stay away and wait for something worth while .
definitely worth paying a bit more for this quality .
it gives the phone style and i enjoyed it .
paired to an sgh-i727 i hit the trail .
wilton honestly needs to sell these lesson plans .
or to charge it every night.no a single complaint .
this is a great advantage with this unit .
tao feng is a below average fighting game .
currently am waiting for a replacement drive from seagate .
initially , sound was good compared with the competition .
i got a ton of compliments/acquisitions on it .
my regular size would have been too small .
would definitely recommend to any other iphone users .
i bought a few volume enhancing shampoos to compare .
i would avoid these and try another brand .
i 've found this whisk to be just that .
first and foremost is the app for the device .
my original cord broke and needed a replacement .
i ended up playing it on an snes instead .
the item arrive with good deliver and service .
also it matches my jewel stick on button .
a bit heavy of course but that 's ok .
it even had some what of a texture .
the dispenser button is too small to push easily8 .
the current price is $ 21 -- just ridiculous .
the hot water helps in the drying process .
my cats are two and three year olds .
mine died and i needed a new one .
this is a great device at a great price .
the material on the other hand is not .
i 've had this for well over 7 years .
i will have to say that is true .
out of the box , mine was setup wrong .
it make work better on shorter haired cats .
i should n't have given it to my dad .
the thinness does not equate to fragility , however .
it worked great for a 14 1/2 oz .
this is my first otterbox case i ever used .
the cradle is difficult to set the unit into .
i would not buy these for any dogs .
maybe others have easier to use vents or something .
if you have friends and want to play .
and that is exactly how to use this device .
at first i thought the cases would be cheap .
just press and hold and siri gets activated .
i find that i like the old stuff better .
i found unlocking things to be quite difficult .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
it took forever and i could hardly smell it .
you are only supposed to go fingertip tight .
it holds enough tea for a very large cup .
the handy flash light is a great idea .
used this for all of about 5 minutes .
i love the mini version of this salad spinner .
i 've enjoyed the moody blues through these cans .
using it abroad on vacation is just terrific .
that was the first disappointment i came across .
buying on amazon saves me a lot of money .
purchased to charge my iphone in my wrangler .
dont think it twice , please go for it .
it smelled like a dupont factory in here .
in any case its well worth the money .
i bought this due to the good reviews .
i should have listened to the reviews online .
used this pan the next day after it arrived .
also it is comming obviously with a screen protector .
i purchased this phone from the best buy website .
i was expecting much better quality than this brush .
the quality of the leather and clip seem good .
beyond that it is just on and off .
and i got real tired of the stupid puzzles .
than you make you mix and dump it in .
although its inexpensive it is not worth your money .
i ordered a fram and it fit right in .
they are a nice style and light weight .
manufacturer please change aluminum material to iron or steel .
is delivered much quicker than what was listed .
holds enough ice for a small groups of guests .
it was freaky and a rare new experience .
it was actually the least expensive of them all.pros:1 .
i printed my lable and returned the damaged item .
great quality which allows for flexibility with movements .
this has worked on every samsung phone ive charged .
the player that goes first tends to win .
i just found out starbucks does pods now .
i think mom got this from a dr .
the thing worked for 18 years , then died .
i then charged it up overnight and used it .
the whole ordeal took almost half an hour .
very glad to have purchased this high quality skillet .
i bought this product in december of 2011 .
i also do not usually write bad reviews .
the color is rich and pops in my kitchen .
looks much better in person than in picture .
this food chopper is a piece of junk .
went corrupt and i lost very important pictures .
nice tight lid and stackable in the fridge .
i also miss the mint smell of the conditioner .
i love to get myself some fun tools .
some people actually use this for toasting big bagels .
bottle is too high.you can get a 4 oz .
it was damaged and so back it went .
my hair *looks* clean , but it feels horrible .
for crustier bread leave lid off after flipping .
and i got the blend-n-go cup.no leaking here .
i was so loving having the retractable cable .
it seems sturdy enough to withstand the usual abuse .
love this case and the built in screen protector .
it is a little odd to use , however .
the back surface is a relatively hard matte/satin texture .
i dont recommend this product for mountain bike .
it will make sense when you see it .
it 's about as loud as an air conditioner .
it basically turns the cuisinart blender into a ninja .
mine looks similar except both units are silver .
this popcorn popper could n't be simpler to use .
i bought 4 different cases because of cheap cost .
the store wanted over $ 30.00 for this product .
this is a very cheap simualation of the wii .
but that does not seem to be the case .
ca n't beat the price and performs very well .
i cleaned everything up and surveyed the damage .
the sound is too poor of quality for thirty .
my wok is now shiny black and nothing stick .
it is made of flimsy metal and poorly machined .
when you stand still , the baddies shoot you .
i was not too pleased with this product .
quickly there after the egg cooks sealing the gap .
the sound quality is good for everyday listening .
my bangle cat played with it and walked away .
the chemical smell gave me a headache , too .
and its not like i sweat profusely or anything .
dont waste your money or time on this item .
it moved around and the corners were banged up .
it actually makes washing dishes a little fun .
bought this product because i wanted gentle exfoliation .
this is nice addition to the kitchen sink area .
non-stick surface and compact size are the best features .
soft and nice as i was expecting it .
this one did n't thrill either one of us .
i bought this adaptor along with the celestron t-ring .
so easy to clean and fits in any microwave .
first , let me say that i love calphalon .
i will purchase from them again without hesitation .
was perfect and alot cheaper than the att store .
the weight makes it somewhat difficult to control .
the device is closed much like a cd player .
this is a decent product for the price .
i bought this to carry lunches into work .
occasionally it has some crackles ; but nothing serious .
it crushes ice without hassle & within seconds .
the battery does last longer than the stock battery .
when i opened the envelope the box was open .
the visuals are the game 's only saving grace .
amazon packed these dishes well enough for priceless crystal .
retainer falls off the front of the hand guard .
it also does n't work well with used lids .
worked great at first , felt like solid quality .
even swiss cheese slices easily with this slicer .
i guess i will just have to keep looking .
d-ribose normally has a very mild sweetness to it .
been wearing the same and models for decades .
it is a must have in every kitchen .
fortunately , this will be my last panasonic product .
i love the hot pink of this cover .
you ca n't go wrong with richards housewares products .
all other attachments and accessories are good quality .
she 's only had hers for about 6 months .
unfortunately , that was a deal breaker for me .
when the amount is that low expect bad results .
i have no real use for this one .
at first i thought this was a great product .
days later i am still finding moon dough .
exact same problem i had with the first belkin .
it was in that constant cycle of about 1cm .
trying to find a good spatula online is difficult .
my feet are wide and flat like duck feet .
i thought that it looked like a good invention .
the sizes are inbedded in the rubber handles .
the lanscapes are a little bleak and monotonous .
also , they have more spoon sizes than most .
so i am keeping it for other use .
anything more and you are wasting your money .
you can probably fit 2 credit cards top .
playing ff13 for the right to review it .
no idea if it actually makes a difference ! .
i thought i was ordering regular tip tweezers .
i 'll have to be mindful when using it .
i have kept it descaled and cleaned all parts .
nevertheless , one could hear them great as well .
their solution was for me to buy another device .
i think this is one of the best features .
that end is making perfect alcoholic whipped creams .
i would not use these for anything , sorry .
even with handwashing i could n't get everything off .
this is where i have to question my rating .
they arrived sooner then i expected which was nice .
one of the worst toothbrushes i 've ever had .
we had him under anesthesia for the cleaning .
great functionality from a perspective of buttons and options .
it was not the monitor but the cuff .
the us voice for this product is horrible .
the bottles are simple elegance and nice heavy glass .
these are invariably gmo or genetically modified in usa .
i like the feeling and look of it too .
on all my stored batteries with no problems .
i love green tea and enjoy trying different varieties .
but i probably would have bought it anyhow .
it works well and charges my device ok .
it does immobilize the girls , but not comfortably .
the lids are one piece that come out easily .
this stuff works like a more gentle melatonin .
this is a simple very well thought out mount .
over all , not a deal breaker for me .
i use it for google chat more then skype .
we use cast-iron cookware in our camping trailer .
the quest to find unscented body butter continues .
one thing i did find was a maintence issue .
i love how easy they are to clean .
i highly suggest staying away from all linksys products .
the search for an indestructible plush toy continues .
i plan to make soup in it this winter .
i 've had mine for a couple of yours .
i charged my motorola speaker without any problems .
this pan is excellent as others had rated it .
this product is far more sturdy with better design .
i have n't had much luck with this product .
any phone that uses micro-usb will work with this .
this sucker slices my thanksgiving turkey like nobodies business .
this product is so handy and easy to use .
you 'll never go back to this mystery product .
he told me never to buy these socks again .
it is taking up space in my home ! .
one dog of ours has severe thunder/fireworks/firecrack phobia .
i like the durability of the otterbox cases .
it however does not work with motorola droid .
this is important for a day to day usage .
i dropped my previous kettle which bent the spout .
have to get the ingredients for potato pancakes .
she prefers a cardboard scratch pad from target .
i think that is how the newer once come .
it 's easy to make soft or crispy waffles .
i am using it with a proctor silex .
until they change these charges i recommend going elsewhere .
i used a pen and that worked better.3 .
i bought this product to make poached eggs .
it is justone of the best values ever .
stale and greasy six months prior to expiration .
the quality is as good as the original .
they are original oreck bags and fit perfectly .
got this as a gift for my husband .
they have always arrived way ahead of time .
the shiny handle material on mine was all scratched .
very minor flaw but probably no way around it .
i diddid n't like it on my face either .
in fact , only about 200 miles or so .
the pens are really cute and bright colors .
i trashed all the plastic and replaced with these .
over and over and over and over again .
same problems with the game shutting down again .
a frustratingly bad product from a usually great company .
this is more like a room temperature pad .
poorly built and just barely worth the effort .
i just got the case and i love it .
i am very well pleased with this fryer .
sent repeats of some animals instead of variety pack.2 .
i gave a try online and i found this .
my cats did n't like this catnip at all .
whatever it is , it is a design flaw .
to bad because it was a good idea .
the two player mode is really lacking something .
it really should come with a plastic screen protector .
i ordered this game from a different company .
even on low , it cooks much too hot .
i chose it because of the form factor .
when dancing around , it cuts in and out .
they 're not heavy and thus easy to carry .
it disappeared from my kitchen during the second week .
as you know , speaker stands are ridiculously overpriced .
i 'd advise everyone else to do the same .
it makes food yummier that any other grill pan .
ample supply for my 4 grandchildren to use .
last night i had a major problem with it .
regardless of the attempt the results have been overwhelming .
it does go off by itself after a while .
slow cookers use a tiny amount of fuel .
it works perfectly , is very sturdy and fast .
two and a half months is not acceptable .
the case also looks just like the picture .
i really wanted to try this for months .
i love these and used them all the time .
i like the razr and would recommend it .
so i redid the faces using the numbers .
this is definitely not a foundation for hot weather .
this fountain has been a disappointment since day 1 .
this product actually made my hair less curly .
the 40 band width might fit a 36 person .
then into my phone and it chargers my phone .
they need to let the nuns make the cake .
they heat evenly and do well with baking .
i purchased this on the recommendation of a friend .
save your money and buy a better knife .
the sound is great so far as well .
it didnt work for me with multiple cats .
ff5 freezes very often when you try to save .
there is a quality control probelm with these disks .
i moved into a place without very many drawers .
we would love to see a version in stainless .
not worth the hassle of getting it repaired .
discs have a solid weighted feel to them .
scare these guy 's they get so called terrified .
great for making your own hamburger using better meat .
charge rate is about 1 % every 1-2 minutes .
they are one of the highest quality companies out .
everyone heard me clearly and i heard them clearly .
i would not recommend it to a friend .
my puppy was choking on the yellow cover .
i just apply popcorn salt after it has popped .
protects my phone from slipping from my hands .
the vinyl is all clear with no cloth backing .
this was a waste of money for me .
i got this cause it was cheap and simple .
and not only grippy but also soft and comfortable .
sound quality is decent with the included buds .
and continues for around 3 minutes before settling down .
next i used it for potatoes au gratin .
just be ready to fork out more cash .
the pan bakes evenly and is easy to clean .
it drains well from the spout into a cup .
got this set a couple of months ago .
wish i could send it back for a refund .
spend your money on something that does work ! .
the playstation one had the best controller ever .
i wanted this for making big batches of stuff .
this is definitely my # 1 go to case .
with this pen , it succeeds in both categories .
they make my longboard ride sound and feel awful .
i ordered black opium and day dream send patchauly .
it totally separated from the hose itself.piece of crap .
what a great iphone carry case for the price .
would replace them again with this in a minute .
i see now why people like them so much .
i had to cut it to make it fit .
this time it was in a plastic zip-lock baggie .
until i researched the ingredients and made the switch .
you 're forced to use the delayed homing attack .
it 's easy to use and light to carry .
maybe i expected too much for this light .
very pretty bra but not supportive at all .
finding a microwaveable plastic plate is quite difficult .
ok if you want to watch a movie .
i returned this headset immediately and got a refund .
this is a wonderful gift for any cook .
sometimes a good deal has a reason behind it .
and all things considered 2 stars is generous .
with more research , this product contains an antibiotic .
had all kinds of issues with this item .
my finger does the same thing as this product .
do note that the stone is quite heavy .
i wish i had discovered cast iron sooner .
the card slot is a must have for me .
i bought this set of ultra-heavy resistance bands .
for the money you ca n't do any better .
seemed to be a great buy and product .
she loves the protection it offers and the color .
we were very disappointed and sent it back .
this is the best bluetooth i have ever had .
i may get a smaller one as well .
this game went wrong in a lot of ways .
i bought these for my mom who likes sardines .
all the other coffeemakers took the dreaded paper filters .
you level up just about once per battle .
fits good that is the main thing for me .
this is definitely going to help in that way .
i used to trust the now foods label .
this has absolutely no effect on the little critters .
i guess you get what you paid for .
jak and dexter was a darn good platform game .
bought it for a kitten we had rescued .
to get above and below areas is a chore .
i like a game i can get somewhere with .
so i wont be purchasing this product again .
nothing but the device in a plastic bag .
i have to vacuum pretty much every day .
i bought the zyliss scoop and love it .
not large enough for double batches of most pies .
there was fine white dust all over everything .
i know oxo products get always good review .
it is a very good quality for the brand .
it 's supposed to lighten the weight of pots .
i would order from them again for sure .
this is a high quality product all the same .
this case is well made and looks good .
this is the last year i buy madden .
now i have the equivalent of a table lamp .
it 's made of some sort of paper-like material .
i really did have high hopes for this product .
the material is firm and sticks almost straight out .
bristles are falling out and covered my whole face .
the professional did not suggest a professional buffer .
microsoft fed ex-ed me a brand new replacement .
so i decided to sip it once it cooled .
those who have used both usually have a preference .
it did not do well with my screen protector .
i use this as my phone holder for gps .
looked great colors were bright and it looked amazing .
the biggest and only complaint is the range .
just worried about getting it in the eye .
perfect for measuring rising bread dough by volume .
it protects my iphone and looks nice as well .
i no longer have to worry with this machine .
size 7.5 , but these were way too big .
when reheating anything with sauce you get splatters .
not sure why the ratings have been so high .
unless this is defective you will like it .
nevertheless , it works fine and makes great pasta .
it arrived within a week in excellent condition .
i returned the toy and got a new one .
better tasting , healthier and easier than conventional methods .
i would steer clear of this phone all together .
i have never had any problems using this pan .
i have owned kitchenaid products for over 50 years .
there are people running all over the screen .
lots of different options and lots of different dishes .
these are such a ripoff even if they worked .
the product does not live up to its title .
changed the rating from 5 to 2 stars .
but further down the road things just get ugly .
if your expecting oem at this price good luck .
tried a linksys usb card and it work great .
i never figured out how to use this thing .
these brushes are good looking but very cheap .
good price and it works fine so far .
this teas is too strong for my taste .
i would think an omelette would be incredibly messy .
fits the samsung galaxy s 2 for sprint perfectly .
wanted a extra car charger for my iphone 4s .
me and my friend did n't think it worked .
good case , the glitter holds on pretty well .
tuccini seller is good but the perfume is not .
the most fundamental control options simply do n't exist .
yet even the emblem system has its own flaws .
i bought it new on amazon from airgunplace.com .
these store juices and milk attractively and cleanly .
do not but this unless you enjoy buying junk .
this set is very beautiful and reasonably priced .
fun project that makes lots and lots of cheese .
will probably give it away if anyone wants it .
the cables are too thick , bulky and stiff .
10 washings and still too rough to use .
it arrived right on time and in great condition .
pay the extra money to get a better doll .
got this for my epic 4g touch from sprint .
needless to say i do n't scan drives anymore .
their thermal water is a staple of mine .
hard to figure i used to use anything else .
this product is typical high quality oxo good grips .
would not recommend even if it was free ! .
you 'd be better off spending your money elsewhere .
it makes my sink area look almost fashionable .
looks very good and holds a boatload of weight .
the cord is solid and connections are tight .
i do love the taste of goats milk .
thank you so much for reading my review ! .
it handles great and is easy to empty .
i had to force the thing to move .
replaced an older cuisinart that started to act up .
she might as well have gone on the floor .
have 4 lasko fans and all work great .
a tool that every cook no matter what level .
an inexpensive set but nice for everyday use .
this version of battleship is a major disappointment .
i am sure that i will like it .
logitech boombox is a inferior product compared to this .
had flame out at 10:30 with water at 200* .
the connection is pretty close to the flame .
for the price , these screen protectors are awesome .
the shades depicted online are not at all representative .
i presumed it was just stuck on cheese .
brings water to a steaming boil really quickly .
bought this and the redness relief night cream .
i bought this handheld after seeing its impressive screen .
i grind my coffee beans fresh each morning .
i have a number of the commercial nonstick pans .
the vendor ships quickly and the quality is good .
might as well have left it in the box .
this time it arrived with an empty bottle .
we eat rice almost every day in our family .
also my pits felt like they were on fire .
if you want to use the smaller 12 oz .
it 's easy to clean and a good price .
then i use the sprayer and finish the job .
first off , this does not hold many treats/kibble .
it has certain temps that you can toggle too .
i actually purchased this decorating set for someone else .
i got compliments on it all the time .
some noted that this screen is thicker than oem .
this headset sounds good but breaks very easily .
android 4.0 's user interface uses blacks and grays .
i am a big fan of the motorola hx550 .
it also comes in a dark espresso color .
added it as another line to my tmobile account .
i 've never had a real food processor before .
everyone seems to be missing the same points .
did not taste at all like it is described .
it can go from stovetop to oven with ease .
it easily handled three lobsters at a time .
two of the cases cracked in the proccess .
the plastic had no odor i could discern .
i hear the 20 gig playstation 3 was discontinued .
i am an hsp with neck problems and fms .
bought for a friend and she loves it .
i just wish it did n't already come pre-seasoned .
the plastic taste is very strong , and awful .
again like my others reviews on a similar items .
i am disappointed because i got a bigger number .
you will never play it the second time .
the phone was not the quality as advertised .
all our athletic gear was produced by champion .
it keeps the steel from moving and prevents accidents .
the knives are organized and out of sight .
i do subscribe and save on several compleats .
it is cheap - both price and construction .
makes great hash brown potatoes , or potato slices .
this is only 10.5oz , whereas most are 16oz .
it has an odd texture , in my opinion .
i got these today..and tried to put on car .
this kettle is great for atleast a year .
a person wouldbe fool not to send this back .
it will hold up well for a long time .
he squeezes it but it does n't honk anymore .
having a hard time finding the right travel bowl .
and from a maker of drumsticks , no less .
the windscreen is great too for the microphone .
i installed them on either side of my stove .
we do put a sheet of foil underneath .
it is a misfortune is is discontinued by otterbox .
after i pulled him out and cleaned him off .
it requires more washing than a completely smooth carafe .
such a simple product that is so essential .
so it didnt help either problem at all .
maybe there are others.mine was the usual smoking motor .
the fit is described as bulky in shoes .
i like couscous and i like lentil soup .
my prior pda at least had an excuse .
the basketball and the football are much better .
they are really sturdy and i love it .
the coffee stays hot for hours and hours .
scholl 's gel liners ended up in the trash .
it does a great job making milk shakes .
it comes with an extra ear hook and earbuds .
but this helps them maintain their allure too .
it tastes similar to dissolved tums or chalk .
will not fit any bucket type or indented seats .
ubisoft used to care about what they put out .
rice cakes have a luxurious mouth-feel compared to these .
this is not what i call a bling case .
it only controls my hunger for 2 hours .
these must have come from the reject pile .
food stains and odors are no longer a problem .
i only wish i had more cans to open .
the item came exactly the day as promised .
used this one time since i received it .
it has a low profile on my desk .
all in all , this is a great set .
one thing they are not is abrasion resistant .
unfortunately , all i could taste was the sugar .
this listing is for one brush , not three .
but it 's certainly not a very dark black .
maybe this explains why she has had different results .
i 'm saved.it worked so-so for about a month .
my son ordered this for our 2 cats .
this is just a pointless filter to have .
there are sometimes watermarks or bubbles under the screen .
could n't wait for the arrival of this pan .
did not receive the cadbury caramel eggs that ordered .
this bird feeder is a total piece of crap .
increadibly easy to just lockup and be helpless .
it pierced both cans and opened smoothly and quickly .
this would make a great gift for anyone who:1 .
i was pleased with the product for the price .
: ) he did and all is well again .
will definitely purchase another one when the time comes .
tough blender however as its still working fine .
these are vintage standard sized and shaped plates .
something has changed with how they make this mix .
if you lean against the desk it moves .
not real wild about either , but they work .
the blade can be flipped over for different uses .
ok , this used to be the best brand .
not much of a problem for me , tho .
i 'll get back to let bm customers know .
their only drawback may be the fairly dull design .
went for cheap and bought a repurposed unit .
the phone was brand new and worked great .
even catnip did n't help endear them to it .
one of them had all the paint chipped off .
i was told i could vacuum the next day .
so it may not be any better for women .
this prevents the seam/seal from rusting or chipping .
my daughter and i purchased these for the kitchen .
this stylus works very well and is very sensitive .
anyway this case is slim and very protective .
it does funky things with the water/protein emulsions .
the right length for grilling and they work well .
it would only charge one device at a time .
it 's hard to rhapsodize about a laundry hamper .
i will be ordering more when i need more .
i saw alot of mixed reviews about this charger .
in peltaburg city you have to fight roxanne .
so we tried the cuisinart stainless steel pan .
i can cook a small roast or stew .
i just finished my first bottle of daily use .
chicken was tender and properly seared on the outside .
it is as good as the other reviewers say .
i 've probably used it even longer than that .
i like the angled handles on these spatulas .
i am both pleased and proud that i did .
bitter and burnt tasting as with most starbucks coffees .
there are many health benefits to this drink .
i looked long and hard for something like this .
i bought these bowls specifically for microwaving foods .
darn thing broke after only 5 days of use .
i guess they are sizing them differently of late .
i just used this for the first time tonight .
i bought this because my son recommend it .
it can be controlled by mind and visual .
it fits the phone nicely and looks wonderful .
other than that it 's a perfect cutting board .
i would send it back if i could .
it even records video in the mp4 format .
the mounting bracket was still mounted to the bike .
first time i 've added airtime to my phone .
low tech and i know they will work .
i have not use it for anything else yet .
my youngest daughter requested this as a gift .
i also never put the cap back on .
this carpet cleaner is a piece of junk .
you may as well use a corded mouse .
my cousin beat it in a mere two days .
my iphone 5s fits snugly into the holster .
i have used sony dictation recorders for several years .
the new camera cut out is a nice upgrade .
the board itself is half yellow and half red .
it 's large enough to accommodate two chickens too .
it does the job like the real expensive thing .
these are great ! sleek looking but very sturdy .
the itorch is the upgrade from a powergen 3200mah .
i have long been familiar with the presto brand .
wish i had known that ahead of time .
so i live with a roommate but cook alone .
it is very easy to adjust on the windsheild .
it lined up correctly and held up well .
so basically i have a silver paperweight -- nice .
i will post again to report my findings .
so yeah , eventually you get carpral tunnel syndrome .
if it worked it have been a great help .
i really tried this with an open mind .
i was going for a wavy tousled look .
this is a great canner for the price .
have used the shallow pan and the muffin pan .
so i purchased this to be my backup .
the customer service of this product is a joke .
still as non-sticky as the day i bought it .
one little design detail fails this case altogether .
does n't slip out of my hands as easily .
well made and feel great on our phones .
we use it in soup , side dishes etc .
i purchased this to have a spare data cable .
play , next/prev track buttons are easy to press .
i love this brita pitcher more and more everyday .
it is a little lighter than the picture shows .
no bubbles or bumps or strange packaging for us .
it worked well only for the first 2 months .
be careful with it though as it is sharp .
do n't just order a bottle off of amazon .
if i walk across the room ? forget it .
is erratic and inaccurate ! it is a disappointment .
the medium sized one split after one use .
made my teenage daughter face break out really bad .
these are handy little things to have on hand .
let along power cords dangling in the air .
this one seems to be holding up so far .
great for mixing , serving and general kitchen use .
it also adds grip and is comfortable to hold .
the oxo good grips mini clips are perfect .
the hole in the case did not line up .
compared to other similar products this is superior .
i have had these spoons for about a year .
it 's too expensive to take the chance though .
wish they had a larger one on offer .
i can even see the reflection through viewfinder .
it says it is good for 3000 uses .
i purchased because they were recommended by cooks illustrated .
and it 's kind of a stink to clean .
i use it while mowing the yard and working .
high-quality genuine motorola usb cable and usb charging block .
i have been using it for over 2 years .
no glare and no finger prints just like promised .
i have never had to use that much .
the handle broke as soon as i started pumping .
this set is nothing like my original set .
very grainy and only a few stations were received .
the directions are super simple to understand and follow .
i have mine positioned next to the coffee maker .
the butter dish hardly fits in the opening anymore .
you can decide how big an opening you need .
the battery is wrapped in a fake motorola casing .
i have been looking and comparing these for awhile .
the housing popped open , but they still worked .
it has honestly changed the way i cook .
a few minor mods and it works for me .
i much prefer the kind that you push .
i really like how it toasts raisin bread ! .
i used this phone case for maybe 2 hours .
i am a little disappointed with dark sector .
i suggest not to buy memory cards online .
i opened the box and there was moisture inside .
this is exactly what i was looking for .
the force from the spring actually broke the latch .
i found the product of very cheap quality plastic .
but i did not try to bake on it .
you might as well not even have a case .
unfortunately , i purchased two boxes at a time .
almost all of the colors look the same .
this is to protect your iphone from scratches only .
wish olay could go back to old formula .
the fine one is my preferred potato mashing disc .
first one came used and wouldnt even turn on .
i have the hair mask and love it .
it was riding up and down all day long .
wish they would add an alert for those ! .
i get scalp irritation if i use sulfates .
three did n't work right out of the package .
now i know why these machines were returned .
scissors work great , i would recommend to others .
my husband channged out batteries and no change .
we had this model for about four years .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
and now , it does not work at all .
i honestly would n't recommend this iron to anyone .
iended up taking my full size one on vacation .
got it as a gift , daughter loved it .
i ca n't rave enough about this rice cooker .
had to finish the job on the progressive slicer .
instead they all sound like a 1980s video game .
no doubt this will interfere with the overall performance .
this pan can work well for cooking eggs .
this is best screen protector i have found .
but she has figured out a new game .
beautiful bowls in a wonderful array of sizes .
i ordered on amazone other pencils more expensive .
actually , i do not have the whole set .
but , i really liked how this turned out .
i love not having to worry about my phone .
this is a great phone and worth every penny .
there are no real electronics in this kettle .
it arrives really really sticky because of the glue .
i have fallen in love with this case .
they work just fine in my coffee machine .
these protectors fit perfectly , including the clean-cut holes .
definitely was a waste of money and time .
you have to block it 360 degrees by hand .
i love chocolate and i have sugar cravings .
he got a horrible rash and scabbing from this .
received this product well packaged and in perfect condition .
i thought it was the game 's greatest strength .
the process of tenderizing a cut goes quickly .
all they make now are $ 200 plus coffeemakers .
another parent stated that the toy is small .
this is not much different than my blackberry tour .
i love leopard and i love this case .
the remaining three seem to work just fine .
this is my second oster classic stainless steel beehive .
a simple economical alternative to a nitrogen/inert gas injector .
i think the phone was covering a sensor .
i could n't wait to get this eye pillow .
well , these barely heat.they dont work very well .
i bought this item upon reading the reviews .
immediately after receiving these slippers i put them on .
it still easy to use and easy to clean .
i purchased 3 different timers from 3 different manufacturers .
it was a lot of work with no results .
i decided keeping it is the only choice .
it visibly adds a glow to your skin .
frankly , i was quite surprised listening to them .
maybe that is all it was designed to do .
i used it to bake bread and liked it .
i honestly do n't think you could buy better .
the pain is not as intense and throbbing .
also the native monitor resolution is not availble .
so my 81.00 investment is still cheaper than b.b .
great , affordable appliance that you will use often .
if you handwash your dishes you will be fine .
it also blocks out background noise as well .
the earpiece covers my ears at a strange angle .
mine was covered inside with some kinda gray film .
and the cup thing is a pain in the .
i bought this pair in a 10 medium .
still searching for something to replace the original jack3d .
my girls go thru these like they are candy .
i almost ripped it just putting int on .
a little research goes a long way for sizes .
it fits all jars perfectly and cans well .
just toss the things and say forget it ! .
it is very tiny and was pretty pricey .
place back in the cleaner for another five minutes .
the hook will stay in that bent position .
my first one came from a national catalog .
i 've been with this series since the beginning .
small size great for two 10oz mugs of tea .
i get that level of compatibility with my g2 .
my stove went out a couple months ago .
i like the way it holds the iphone .
i also seasoned mine a bit before first use .
farberware has become my favorite brand for cookware .
i would recommend it to anyone replacing theirs .
exactly what we wanted and the price was right .
i would definitely recommend this to a friend .
this soap dispenser looked like it would be great .
i wasted 2 already in my initial application .
so hot that the outer battery skin was blistering .
i think it is a great tool to have .
i bought this to use for dips at parties .
i use these bowls for feeding my cats .
they did about double the volume from the kindle .
i guess i will have to return it .
i am told to first deplete the battery .
no need to bend over or touch the can .
i love this product and would highly recommend it .
purchased this for my wife for her birthday .
that 's the risk you run getting old games .
i have yet to run the thing completely dead .
i purchased a camera to go with this device .
pull both ends out simultaneously to avoid a jam .
this product costs $ 6 for only one wire .
arrived as described in protective yet minimal packaging .
you get a lot for a low price .
i can make my eggs in peace now .
easy to set up but easy to fall apart .
i 've never found myself wishing it were longer .
i would love to give this a higher review .
this is a very simple meter to use .
i have nothing negative to say about this bowl .
so all of that frustration and pain for nothing .
the shape of the glass is what helps .
i figure that 's the best review of all .
that is the part people skip , i think .
tried to contact for return but never heard back .
i have not been able to figure out why .
i usually make mango ice cream in it .
not much different than the original command n conquer .
anyway , good customer service from the thermos company .
the case is good protection for my phone .
we have two sons , ages 9 and 8 .
now waiting for the motorola dinara to be released .
it truly is the best of both worlds .
my zoijirushi has been handed down to me .
all the combat moves are on the shoulder buttons .
get the bluetooth and give up the wire .
this is not a slick-looking gadget by any means .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
the product worked great on my droid x .
i have since bought naniwa super waterstones for replacement .
this pastry blender is a very durable tool .
and these were at least a size to small .
save your time and money and get another product .
my 3 full-grown cats completely ignore them too .
oh and btw , i only weigh 120 lbs .
went looking for them and you had them .
but in many aspects , the game was good .
maybe i just talk louder than everyone else .
be aware it is not as advertised in tv .
and it fits fine.the keyboard clicks are quite silent .
you gain a new look after every 10 levels .
this feels like tingle lotion without the tan benefit .
i 've had this item for nearly two years .
halo is a reliable brand and the warrentyis great .
i hope they do not stop making them .
these went in the trash once i read that .
i got these for my husband for our anniversary .
it constantly moves as i go about my day .
i just gave it to a friend of mine .
finally i bought it at $ 25 per set .
but the plug does not stay in so good .
other than that it is a great buy ! .
that 's actually why i am on amazon now .
there 's a cinematic gunfight where the leader escapes .
this just arrived today and it is perfect .
but it takes only one bad experience to regret .
dog is experiencing severe allergic reaction to this product .
it is no larger than one aa battery .
so far this has met all my expectations .
do not waste your hard earned money on them .
first of all , there is no off switch .
i dont have to go into the problems again .
it also makes the packets difficult to open .
i use it on my home made pizza .
i was hoping the gc version was better .
now i have need for a third one .
i bought this for my daughter 's 2nd birthday .
the screen protector has kinda a weird surface .
they seem to aid it keeping them fresher .
there are so many colors , shapes and sizes .
i have uploaded an alternate picture for reference .
i would buy this again and definitely recommend it .
my grandson is 5 and he loves this lunchbox .
i am a big fan of kitchenaid products .
you will hate this product without the regulator .
we set both at 4 and get toast .
i would have liked it had it been usable .
these sitations bother me because it wastes my time .
i guess it is good for french fries though .
the rims of both bowls are the same size .
i bought this as quickly as i traded it .
razor sharp edges - unacceptable for a hand tool .
returned and hope to find a real bra-bra .
could not get it to fit in my vent .
for that age , the toy is simply dangerous .
it shows little proof of its daily grinding .
not really noticeable until you stack them though .
kind of surprised to see such positive reviews here .
i thought it would give me more protection .
tilting it back and forth and tapping it .
also appears ea has giving up on the game .
then i bought some bulk tdk blanks and .
this cuisinart seemed to be a good deal .
but he is not impressed with this toy .
it definitely looks like male anatomy to me .
decided to try because of cheddar flavor description .
it sort of works , but not very well .
soaking the plates in warm water helps clean them .
we like french fries and other veggie sticks .
have had my model 565 for a month now .
the sheet that came with it is very soft .
easy to use and it talks to you too .
this is a great looking and quality pan .
i have a cd with some very long songs .
you can also use the flip mechanism to answer .
i do not recommend this brand or blend .
motospeak is a full feature text to voice application .
a quality product that no kitchen should be without .
i was not happy with the shipping process .
neither kitten has had any interest in this toy .
easy to clean and dough slides right out .
that is why i stuck with the same brand .
but that 's not the same as a blinkie .
when it gurgles , it needs to be cleaned .
there is a definite quality difference between the two .
the suction cup one the device is the problem .
decent 5mp camera and nice outdoor photo quality .
my wife is the love of my life .
i use it with an lg chocolate cellphone .
it really does n't add a lot of bulk .
i am not a fussy/ornate type of person .
it also had the directions inside of it .
i assumed *assorted colors meant the colors shown .
also price was the same for both helos .
i do like the blueberry bliss luna bars however .
we have many more taste buds on our tongue .
for the price , this is an excellent product .
no frills , just an on and off switch .
i mainly picked these up because of the price .
that would be the only improvement i would suggest .
but this product just did n't work for me .
the original rescue remedy in drops is much better .
also its pretty sturdy and not overly heavy .
this is the perfect self winding can opener .
a great oem charger at a great price .
the simplified earloop is much better , as well .
this does exactly what it 's expected to do .
the snaps are easy to undo with a thumb .
i purchased these for my daughter for a st .
the only downside is the case is very slippery .
it does all that i expected and more .
awesome do get it fits securely around the phone .
then the keyboard-mouse started failing to detect on startup .
this case works just like you would expect .
i had lots of problem with this digital camera .
the problem is that it never got hot enough .
i still have to get used to that .
i agree with most of the 2-star reviews .
kodak is in trouble and i wonder why ? .
great set of spoons ! well worth the price .
it really a little too loud for me .
thats not good for a next gen system .
the pitchers appear to be durable and sturdy .
if you like popcorn , get one of these .
the string is simply too long and too lose .
yes i put several screws along each joist .
the standard kitchen size are just too small .
today i made beef stroganoff with round steak .
never had that problem in a stove before .
this procedure was painless and the results were fantastic .
sure enough , the one i tried on itched .
item arrived quickly , well packed and zero breakage .
i truly thought i had already written a review .
i would totally buy more from this seller .
i got these as an extra for date night .
you can not email them without creating an account .
your grandma could play tetris or bust a move .
we bought this set as a housewarming present/christmas present .
they show hardly any wear or chance of failing .
it works well has some non standard stuff .
now , otterbox was super great about replacing them .
a lot nicer than the typical plastic rings .
jk but works great and cleans up easily .
she had no explanation for my reaction , unfortunately .
these cups are the perfect size for dessert bites .
i would never pay full price for this .
i have never owned or used a cookie press .
this product has definitely helped my phone last longer .
the non-stick surface really offers such and advantage .
not very protective though its a litle thin .
the holder is really nice and the temp .
it is still in good shape and works great .
now he 's 19 months and still no interest .
my cat sniffed it but that is it .
of weight before you have added a boat .
i just think it could have been better designed .
worx has a similiar product with a decent battery .
otherwise these knives will perform like crap knives .
i love how they made pairing that much easier .
have used a dozen times and have no complaints .
and here a few comments that may help .
this product was not bad , but was disappointing .
basically what we have here is reusable parchment paper .
there is allot going on with this toy .
will post here if i encounter any problems .
however , i observed no remarkable increase in energy .
the security features involve unnecessary complications as well .
i wish all retail stores were like this .
it seems flimsy compared to the older models .
first off is a little bit of assembly .
i liked it enough to buy a spare .
it 's overall a great addition to your kitchen .
i read all the user said before order one .
serrated from tip to almost midway down the blade .
that is all that is good about it .
the volume is a slider on the headset .
it is so easy to use and so quick .
much nicer for me than the dial ones .
the seller is fantastic and great delivery time .
then takes a long time to put back together .
very nice product and very easy to use .
this the third calphalon crepe pan i have ordered .
the feet are brown-paint-coated aluminum and are anchored well .
i really wanted to believe in this product .
so i protected both sides , thanks to amazon .
had to wash the pan anyway before using it .
quickly they both became frustrated with the pieces .
however , this magnesium powder made me quite nauseated .
the unit alchemy is a very new concept .
the sound quality is poor so is the range .
i can really feel the difference in quality .
my husband said it tasted like cold medicine .
this is the second of these i have bought .
i ca n't smell a thing with this oil .
i went back to basics and bought this tent .
the best purchase i made for my cell phone .
someone out there must make a good popcorn .
the easiest manual can opener on the market.2 .
i will be something that i will share .
we are purchasing our third to replace the holmes .
this new canner is going to be a delight .
so much better than microwave.a note on the warranty .
bummer , this did nothing for my dog either .
the 1.5 cup size choppers are just to small .
i prefer good co2 or swp decaf beans .
these treats are expensive and super gooey messy .
looks great in our b/w kitchen and works perfectly .
spenco products for many years were my favorite orthotics .
the size of the bra was so off .
it was a 1 time use for sure .
you get what you pay for with this one .
relatively cheap and fun no frills popcorn popper .
i use it to mix a variety of meatloafs .
i figured i had something burnt on the pot .
these razors sliced my head and my face up .
the old developed some cracks after several years .
wasted my money thank u very much ! sigh .
took it out placed my wine bottle in .
i only hold it down for a min .
i purchased a plantronics ct12 8 years ago .
at least , the warthog and the tank was .
i tried contacting memorex , but go no response .
in the us , there is no labeling law .
there is also the concern about bpa leaching .
i would not buy this again in the future .
this was not what i thought it would be .
i can provide pics to support when time permits .
mkae sure you wash it well after each use .
it keeps the wine chilled while sitting out .
good fit in the ear without any problems .
this will hold about 8 pounds of hamburger .
it turned out decent bread most of the time .
i bought this tea hoping to relieve ibs c .
they are thick glass and hard to break .
i leave the battery on all the time .
be really careful as you are tightening the bracket .
the size is perfect for one or two people .
has not fallen off yet of its own accord .
this thing is a total piece of garbage .
they cook to perfection without burning the bottom .
button mashing was invented by lazy game developers .
all these were for different people for christmas .
use mine daily and have had no issues .
i tried both the tea tree and lavender .
i bought these headphones less than a year ago .
the repair shop kept it for 10 weeks .
this charger woks wonderfully on the samsung galaxy s4 .
on my ph meter , it similarly does nothing .
i hate it and wish i could return it .
do not waster your money on this ones .
i did n't know that when i purchased it .
i paired it my samsung blackjack 2.keeping this baby .
cable works perfectly fine it is about 3ft long .
this is not the way to treat customers .
: ) easy to clean and seems very durable .
you can use it with or without butter .
anyway , but this one if you like popcorn .
it is less frustrating and expensive to do that .
apples are yummy : i eat one every day .
i thought i was coming down with a cold .
i 've used it for almost a year now .
these newer ones are really substantial and no issues .
forests amount to paths in-between chunks of tree-walls .
i ca n't imagine a child figuring this out .
car did n't work - the batteries were dead .
it really did not clean the wheels as suggested .
this is my testimonial about learning the truth .
cheapo replacement for the one i wore out .
also i believe this formula is too liquidy .
it really made no sense the animals were wrong .
the 1500 mah never lasted long with cyanogenmod 9 .
especially for busy families with little time to cook .
you can only time one thing at a time .
someone mentioned here about saving the measuring spoons .
my cats played with this for 5 minutes .
it 's a pasta roller and it rolls pasta .
well worth the money and i recommend it highly .
the waist seemed a little snug as well .
i will not bother with this stuff again .
cant really say any more about it than that .
i use them for soup.pasta.any frying meats and potatoes .
i was just there buying spruce trees from him .
a thoughtful gift for anyone who enjoys wine .
i think it was a pretty good buy .
which is about half of what they boast .
the controls were confusing to say the least .
i am so glad i got this coffee maker .
they are thick and when washed the color holds .
*update*i switched to nature made biotin liquid softgels .
apparently pu'erh is not my cup of tea .
that information came to me directly from kitchenaid .
i never did get to far playing this game .
this was embarassing how poorly made it was .
real question for skechers overseas made quality.love these .
i make my cakes and everybody notice the difference .
it 's so easy and the results are amazing .
these screens work good with the iphone 3gs .
but having had my krups last just 1 year .
this bra fit very well and true to size .
not much else to say about a battery ! .
i will need to give it away now .
the only downside is that it is bulky .
had one and it got lost in a move .
i love that they are one solid piece .
it 's my favorite gift for my cooking friends .
there isnt any variety at all to the gameplay .
our dog had the toy apart in 20 minutes .
not good for dog , not good for carpet .
it happened to me and i 'm still traumatized .
i received my popper and made popcorn right away .
i recommend getting the number of trays you need .
did not use it from november to april .
helps me make gorgeous cupcakes for friends and family .
these make cake decorating and transporting sooooo much easier .
do not worry about the size of the device .
the mascara came off as well as some lashes .
worth the cost ! appears to be oem packaging .
i got ta say that was pretty dang sweet .
i 've had them for a few years now .
keeps phone from cracking and braking when dropped .
they should have used metal for this part .
too small despite me ordering his normal size .
nice slippers but they were not true to size .
then they wait for me to call them back .
my nervousness about spending the money was quickly dispelled .
well , it works fine except for earplug fit .
this is the easiest spatula i 've ever used .
she was not intrigued enough to go near it .
they are easy to clean and work great .
no interruption or glitches experienced by using voip .
very pleased with the quality and ease of use .
i 've bought some for friends and family too .
i have seen this happening every shop i visited .
this has worked great since we got it .
also the new phones have really small batteries .
the wep shared did the same thing as well .
the first five disks i tried did n't work .
it is n't like it took abuse or anything .
size is right , but the bubbles are forever .
a lot of food will go through the hole .
non of my watches could fit into this winder .
he loved the watch and wore it daily .
titan mode is a lot more fun than conquest .
i was pretty horrified so i stopped using it .
it is a simple idea but well excuted .
there 's too many other brands to choose from .
i like it the first time i used it .
you have to get use to cooking with it .
but just the gaba by itself does n't result .
this is one heck of a phone case .
not much bigger than a sheet of paper .
i doubt most people would even notice it .
the lid seems to fit well but not tightly .
and my ironing board is not a brabantia .
charges/syncs my htc evo 4g and my htc view .
i use it now as a toy for her .
great great great for keeping an extra battery charged .
and no support for any sort of exercise .
the menus are customizable.the screen is clear and bright .
as it turns out , the screen was fine .
i only hooked up my laptop to it .
locking mechanism makes them easier to store and carry .
perfect for talking while i 'm in the car .
necessary maintenance tool for your shun kitchen knives .
i bought this on a reccomendation of a friend .
and the pictures of the meat and water bucket .
she 's developing her knife skills nicely with it .
wish they had different sizes of this measuring cup .
what makes the keyboard unique is its design .
it will be going to the thrift store tomorrow .
wonder if and glycolic body lotions are worth it .
very useful for many cooking and baking activities .
this problem occured with two separate sets of disks .
overall very disappointed in the product i received .
my only concern at this point is durability .
for the price this can opener fits the bill .
at issue is how exactly it is derived .
nice angle for keeping an eye on the clock .
this was just too big for my daschund .
and the price was double of the norpro .
thank you so much for a great product .
i was very disappointed for the first few .
i get two days out of my phone .
time to move on to a lowe pro .
they have great sound and are very comfortable .
there are thousands of combinations of animations possible .
easy to remove and clean the dirt container .
got the xxl size and could barely wear it .
i bought two of these for our two iphones .
i made the mistake of buying two pair .
the prices are awesome and shipment arrives quickly .
its large size makes canning large batches quick work .
i do believe my heli is operating properly .
i was very pleased when this product arrived .
perhaps corn litter is not a great option .
i keep the bowl in the freezer always .
too bad the quality of them is too fragile .
this toaster is so bad its almost funny .
i think it took the normal amount of time .
hopefully , i have more luck with that knife .
and a very nice cooker to do it in .
worth the money for the occasional , not-so-serious juicer .
the jawbone era also has that function but def .
so i have switched to all organic/natural products .
the coverage is good to protect my clothes .
this is a decent scrub minus the brightening .
they immediately had me send the laptop to them .
these puppies are heavy-duty and seem very durable .
has a finger print scanner that works great .
i have no complaints so far.i recommend this product .
cody tore it apart in less than 5 minutes .
i 've used it almost every day for months .
need the maximum strength to remove gell nails easily .
doesnt protect much but holds on my arm well .
the big shark is just a big plastic shark .
he was without a phone for over 3 months .
this one has lasted me at least 10 years .
i will stick to ordering in the store .
next thing to get are the pasta attachments .
they hold my food like they 're supposed to .
i do not see anything difference in any chargers .
the areas are all so illogically layed out .
i do wish it did n't have non-stick finish .
it has kind of a funny feel and balance .
that is the only good part about this model .
i did n't see that stevia is an ingredient .
i bought this suit based on reviews and price .
now i wish i 'd bought the gaggia instead .
those with weak wrists and arms need not apply .
it has to be for the iphone 5 .
we use this in our stainless steel kitchen sink .
this grater creates ribbons of cheese..in both directions .
it worked by making him scared of pulling .
it was fully charged in only 3-4 hours .
this is a beautiful , easy-to-clean stainless steel skillet .
these clips do not hold a roller clip .
i have been using it for over 25 yrs .
i washed it out after the allotted time .
the times given for cooking are an estimate .
this is the best grinder i have ever owned .
i finally had a chance to use it .
she prefers squeaky toys to any other toy .
these look exactly like oem chargers and cables .
it is super steady because of the rubber footies .
so at the end it loses on both sides .
i replaced one similar that had a wooden handle .
first of all , i had a 16 oz .
i tried the thundershirt - did not work .
very disappointing as i expected better quality from honeywell .
all in all it was not an enjoyable experience .
perfect size for straining all kinds of things .
they will explode in the microwave on occasion .
i guess i should stick with lucas arts titles .
the two sizes you get is a plus .
and the powder was crushed and banged up .
neither of my sons seems interested in this game .
i get irritated under my breasts from bras .
you get to wander aimlessly through corridor after corridor .
i had mild indigestion for about an hour .
it still looks brand new and works perfect .
these worked great and a great value too .
the one problem that could of been avoided easily .
( we needed a separate juicer for the wheatgrass .
life to too short to use cheap barware .
some were broken the day we got them .
dishwasher safe with no darkening in the metal parts .
the guar gum is a thickener , like cornstarch .
it is great for soap and laundry stuff .
this is easy to use and cuts beautifully .
it is nicely made and has a sturdy clip .
the bra itself looked like a piece of furniture .
if you like the story then get this .
the larger one is good for applesauce etc .
i didnt think it sounded hollow or anything .
one plane wont even get off the ground .
very comfortable grips and very solid rumble features .
i make lots of cakes from single to multi-layers .
i actually ended up throwing the toy away .
dutch oven and fell in love with cast iron .
these are the hardest screen protectors to place properly .
but will give it a go and report later .
i bought this product because of the rave reviews .
you paid a little more but you got quality .
this product is a waste of your money .
i loved this product when i first used it .
the footprint is smaller than traditional coffee makers .
most voice commands were received correctly by both phones .
good product but will not connect with canon 7d .
the ethernet port still gets the program guide only .
she was showing off some monster size ricers .
hooray , the missing feature i was looking for .
i wanted so badly for this product to work .
the instructions with this cooker are quite different .
we eat a lot of cheese in my home .
this is the only thing they should change ! .
although the fit on that one is superior .
something kept in the family for safe keeping .
whenever the phone rings all wireless connections are dropped .
like the fact i can use my own hangers .
the piece is attractive , and was reasonably priced .
i worked in a kitchen for eight months .
i purchased two of these for my freezer .
this pan takes the work out of making scones .
the first one i bought was the walkstar classic .
not sure if it was me or sub .
but unfortunately tore it up at the head already .
however , it does not make the device unusable .
i was very surprised and pleased with the results .
i use this juice press almost every day .
i was hoping to wear this on cancer run .
the price is fair for this quality of feeder .
does n't work with el52100.comes with 3 attaching pieces .
easy to use and clean and makes delicious food .
it is attractive , & functional and reasonably stable .
i 'm sure it will break any day anyways .
my biggest complaint has been its battery life .
the picture shows a single micro-usb data cable .
but this battery brought it back like new .
i am a j'a henkles german made fan .
this is my second time around using it .
these mugs are just what i asked for .
first thing i noticed was great image quality .
also use them for beans , nuts and leftovers .
the item was returned due to size being inadequate .
that is exactly what happened with this particular shampoo .
and there fighting stances are just flat out bad .
it makes my kitchen work so much easier .
this is a slow cooker not a crock pot .
the downside is the pocket that holds the cup .
i do n't love the egg piercer so much .
it did not leave any after-taste at all .
i love the feeling of the matte finishing .
i lost my money and i really wanted this .
this one works well for any of my products .
all it requires is a little planning ahead .
great jar , works great for lots of things .
i buy and play a lot of games .
kids that grew up with pokemon and liked it .
i just love the design on this tin .
we just threw it away and bought an android .
it does this wonderfully along with the coffee beans .
love leopards - none with them on it .
at least for me it dose not work much .
i highly reccomend this stockpot and this cookware line .
i will never go back to anything else .
not as i expected , but it work nice .
works great in my car and still use it .
the oxo cups are stainless steel , and sturdy .
makes my hair feel really stiff and un natural .
it didnt perform for me as an exfoliant .
but i still like it for the cost .
i thought this would be a relatively safe bet .
i set it on heavy and went to town .
consumers beware of greenie products for dogs or cats .
called that number and opened case with them .
this power bank is sturdy and it feels tough .
this was a pretty hard purchase for me .
come out perfectly clean from the dishwasher as well .
built quality seems to be the same as well .
these screen protectors fit my daughter 's phone perfect .
it sticks even more easily than usual pans .
the strainer is only a few inches in diameter .
i was trying to replace a discontinued bra .
i am used to charging it each night .
thin and do not soak up very well .
noted the thread are slightly different in their pitches .
purchased in 2002 , it is still running strong .
gaiam is a decent company and make inexpensive stuff .
this controller is undoubtedly the biggest pos ever made .
they are wonderfully handy , particularly in the kitchen .
the basic design of the knife is great .
after reading about the product i took the plunge .
money talks and big business makes the rules .
these remind me of the bistros in paris .
priced well and it arrived when it was promised .
it 's made for appearance only in my opinion .
sort of just a personal opinion review i suppose .
it also does n't hold up good at all .
i needed a sauce pot for the house .
what more can you say ? they work well .
after a few years of sparingly using this toolkit .
i replace this unit with my old earphone .
it is like a solid piece of rubber .
everything i spent dozens of hours earning , gone .
well what it is supposed to sound like .
perfect for small pots and single cups of tea .
once i saw the size the breville was out .
both buttons were easy to use and responsive .
it will probably never get much hotter than 140f .
again my fault need to read description more .
not unlike your typical yoga pants that ladies wear .
spend the extra money and get something nicer .
very nice , quality leather and overall very satisfied .
i would n't dare walk around smelling like this .
i love both light and dark agave from madhava .
i ordered cocktail bling but received bobbing for baubles .
today i noticed the paint is already wearing off .
the light weight of the canisters is deceptive .
this watch is not for people with small wrists .
it has great suction for a hand vac .
she bought one too after testing mine out .
these are the nicest tortilla bowls i have seen .
if you get it right , you move forward .
seemed like it was glued with nail glue .
i did n't want to invest in a vacuum .
it will also fit most sizes of sinks also .
there are two volume buttons for up and down .
i bought the medium size and absolutely love it .
the more active you are the worse it feels .
he also is a huge rem and live fan .
these things will burn off your tongue and throat .
it feels solid and has a good look .
it 's a good quality pot for oven cooking .
this is my second farberware classic nonstick 10-inch skillet .
i can blow harder than this thing can .
i had a defender for my recently sold 3gs .
extermination clearly does n't cut it compaired to r.e .
very easy and convenient to carry in a backpack .
the battery check function is just a gimmick .
i could probably put some screwdrivers in there too .
so i bought this after seeing the motorola brand .
you are always told this as a child .
i have an iphone 4s and it fits perfectly .
some after 1 meal some a few days .
not a very big deal to me at first .
maybe the other adapters after applying this same procedure .
the cord stores in a recess on the underside .
try getting it in a store for that price .
most reviews complain that it is too tinny .
we makes lots on the weekends for our family .
i stopped using it once i found the d.u.p .
and this is advertised as built to last .
this little movement was not very noticable or bothersome .
the hands-free device ear buds were even more .
this worked ok for awhile but got progressivly worse .
i do n't like how light the controllers are .
a definate must buy for your serious baker .
it has helped her condense where everything gets stored .
should have thought of that before i ordered .
each one seemed to have their pros and cons .
much , much faster than my older one too .
not going to support as i need for ddd/e .
that definitly is causing an issue with hindering sound .
i used 3 to 4 coats on each caliper .
the case cracked but the phone was fine .
unfortunately it does not fit in the vehicle dock .
it works pretty well across all the platforms .
i ca n't tell the difference from the original .
i have had no negative issues with use .
i was very satisfied with the quick delivery .
the maps & tasks window is also somewhat confusing .
i know it gets heavy use at holidays .
this braun served me well for 15 years .
one of the two did not work at all .
it was load enough to hear the other person .
my quest for a suitable mercury thermo replacement continues .
- this one is up to the job .
it takes cheap shots at president george w .
i am not a big cell phone power user .
we carry a shovel to dig a cat hole .
dvd door did not work out of box .
we spend part of every winter in argentina .
this feature makes all the difference in the world .
they work well and are a good size .
follow directions and you will not be disappointed .
plus its really slim and easy to carry .
after a few wears the clasp got looser .
i can apple slices and dehydrate them too .
one of the set broke when i received it .
the numbers on the new one are bigger .
this grasp tightly and can hold wider phones .
definitely a game to rent first before you buy .
this battery died within less than 2 months .
in addition , i love the taste of cherry .
the main advantage is the availability of software .
there will be all sorts of nastiness behind it .
gives great protection with out bulk like an otterbox .
it holds multiple knives of various shapes and sizes .
the band does its job of holding the iphone .
parts inside i feel , pose a choke hazzard .
good quality bumper , i purchased for a friend .
this is a big thumbs down for eagle vision .
i 've had no issues with screen touch sensitivity .
my hair became dry and thin as well .
i will suggest to buy two size smaller .
i had to force myself to play this .
i have the two smaller sizes and love them .
it tasted and reminded be of a tobacco .
it does the job and is n't anything fancy .
i also like how it looks on our counter .
kept my ascot dry and lobster juice free .
bought this to replace one the hubby dropped .
there was no raspberry or pomegranate flavor to this .
the instructions are complete and easy to follow .
the 5yo had difficulty in wait between turns .
at least this could be shutoff in other burnouts .
it does not burn the bottom of the loaves .
so i decided to purchase some for myself .
what more can i say about shower curtain rings .
no more fingerprints or smudges on my phone .
it is a 2-wheel configuration-not a tricycle or 4-wheeler .
still the best travel mug i 've ever seen .
it is much slower to charge the ipad though .
i purchased this set based on the reviews .
it did a great job on my beige carpet .
it would probably work better on older paints .
i have no complaints about this coffee grinder .
the only waffle iron you can do that with .
so strong it will stink up your garments .
the 3g is much larger than this cover .
i really dont even care for a front camera .
works perfectly with the new htc one x .
would n't even allow me to send it back .
hopefuly it will go away after the first use .
it drapes nicely about the head and shoulders .
this one 's a keeper for smaller cooking tasks .
the stylus was dented when it reached me .
it wasted a lot of bubble fluid also .
i recommend an adapter from belkin instead of linksys .
a good idea came up with terrible execution .
this is a great preseasoned cast iron skillet .
the color of it is really strong and pretty .
clean up is so simple and quick too .
i aspire to both and really love this popper .
not worth $ 5 let alone what i paid .
it has been through the ringer ! great case .
i recommend this to all htc evo 4g owners .
not the best item at a great price .
the iv creeps me out for some reason .
this headset worked great for a couple of months .
i was really looking forward to using this .
she is still using it and loves it .
i cook on my weber all the time .
it certainly was in the last razor i purchased .
i will gladly accept another holster that fit correctly .
this case was a little too flimbsy for me .
it 's also a little wobbly on my desk .
our oven mitts are stained badly with it .
this temp gauge is easy to see and use .
at first i thought my first set was defective .
this thing is made from heavy-duty plastic-rubber type material .
the integration with google voice is simply awesome .
save up and buy the phiaton ps 210 .
these seem indestructible and will probably last a lifetime .
most of them lasted 10-12 years before developing holes .
my pc could never find the hardware either .
it 's too soft and somethimes full of static .
i vastly prefer the neil george gooseberry oil .
you need a webber or other rounded-top type grill .
these books were all first available around nov .
nice solid bottom that does n't slip or fall .
on first use the hanger strap ripped off .
still making the best cakes and cookies ever .
within a month it was down to barely 10hours .
the jerky i received is tainted with something .
they had three in stock at $ 20 each .
it has a nice sturdy feel in ones hand .
the computer seems very slow to respond to commands .
this cable -- mouse freezes and have to reboot .
purchased the pouch for the galaxy note ii .
whoever thought that i would be allergic to beeswax .
first off , this is a well made unit .
had this machine one day before returning it .
i would ditch these and go with the scopeshield .
i wear glasses and have a rounder face .
this was a gift for my oldest daughter .
medium to a touch higher , but not-high heat .
perfect quality and exact brand needed for my phone .
it pulls out easy and snaps into place quickly .
i was pleasantly surprised and also very mildly disappointed .
i love the fact the price was cheap .
i am thinking of returning them for safety reasons .
probably going to buy another one for myself ! .
there is nothing i like about this product .
i would have much preferred the lighter yellow .
i bought them and received it last week .
the items are easy to use and clean .
after about 2 years this just stopped working .
it is very heavy and solid as a rock .
so the bitters seemed to be the solution .
at this price i was able to afford it .
it was sturdy and made from mostly stainless steel .
no regrets in this purchase , on my part .
much easier than other method to squeeze oranges .
for $ 20 it would be five star rating .
they 're dreadfully lacking in rich low end sound .
i dont blame her , i was bored myself .
it broke the first week i had it .
it is dangerous.the voice is hard to understand .
i now have two brita pitchers at my house .
the strawberry paste is gummy and sickly sweet .
i purchased this item and it is great .
so i put this one after a shower .
not because of excess play or hot weather .
the newer hagen filters are far from that .
holds a charge well and nice looking too .
one of my favorite toppings is sugar and salt .
small enough that it is easy to store .
contacted sony and sent it to their replacement center .
he got the hang of this thing right away .
i got it here way before the estimated date .
i wonder how long it will last.pat f .
it 's all in the beans and the roast .
i bought it because of all the great reviews .
these classic fries have no flavor at all .
typically i put on socks and they fit .
i finished the jar and noticed nothing different .
nice quality easy to clean and they work great .
they did n't even bother to call me back .
i 'm glad i did.this unit works extremely well .
i knew i needed a product like this .
it looks pretty cool on my phone too .
it came out perfect ! my husband was shocked .
spend the extra money for chargers that last .
the small birds do n't use it at all .
all in all , very happy with the purchase .
this is not a fun game to play .
so needless to say they are being returned .
i bought this product for $ 66 at meijers .
take a few hours to fully charge up .
wonderful pistachios used to be my favorite brand .
i have only had this for a few weeks .
batteries go dead really fast when turned off .
you try to control matches to get better ratings .
this map is the only thing that fit .
working without issue to charge samsung galaxy 3s .
i am so pleased with this moderate-sized skillet .
i bought this for one purpose - shredding cheese .
with these k-cups , the coffee was like water .
it has a soft feel and is still durable .
if it only was 5.99 i 'd buy more .
a full charge wo n't last too much longer .
my 6 year old could do it fine .
it comes out a very dark shade of orange .
most of the time i just need warm water .
so be careful and above all very expensive .
almost an inch long and 1/2 inch in diameter .
it does work.but it is not idpa acceptable .
the wrist on mine was not as pictured .
one thing i cant stand is inferior tools .
it heats up quick and evenly which is nice .
i love the barbed ends and the comfortable handle .
it did n't work and was a dumb design .
using alcohol swabs when applying seems to fix that .
good fan for drawing in the cool night air .
pans of similar price are not as high quality .
there is something different and unpleasant about the sauce .
it 's very easy to use and very reliable .
in long run was so not worth it .
it was also shipped with amazon 's lightening speed .
she uses her incisors to rip toys apart .
will use brewed poducts as their flavor is better .
spend one minute looking at the carafe before brewing .
first the battery arrived 3 days ahead of schedule .
upright handles make the pan easier to lift .
three of them have chips around the edges .
no need to give instructions to the kids .
not worth the fifteen dollars i spent on them .
i will never buy anything from this company again .
everywhere i went the sound went with me .
i have taking probiotics before , with great results .
very disappointed that this item was shipped to me .
i prefer deep bass and these headphones deliver .
part of the problem is that i have arthritis .
the mic works and the sound quality is good .
turn it off before you stick your spatula in .
the pink color was very faint - almost white .
my cat runs away when he hears it perking .
i did n't look at the ozs close enough .
they come apart very easily for a quick clean .
working great and would buy again from this vendor .
i have all the colors available for this phone .
it is absolutely perfect for everyday cooking for 2-4 .
i use mine in a wood fired oven .
they are incredibly thin so offer nothing for padding .
there are much thinner clip ons out there .
this is very useful for making greek yogurt .
this is a great sweeper for quick mid-week cleanups .
the memory card just dies out of nowhere .
when the wind is really whipping , callers complain .
one of the volume control buttons stopped working .
it is also quite heavy for its size .
this grinder is the best you can get .
nothing about this game is fun at all .
this older version does not work with comcast internet .
no problems and easy to use since day one .
it grinds the coffee very quickly and evenly .
keeps the cord from flopping around during a run .
it worked well the first time i used it .
my three persian cats love the laser toys .
i am also wary of aliph 's customer support .
it 's lightweight and has a great oxo handle .
they are made of a durable , hard plastic .
this is using the smallest of 3 rubber eargels .
anyone who is a heavy user should buy it .
nice smooth cutting surface and does not dull knives .
i do n't understand the great ratings on this .
no case only a thin cover that snaps on .
i always keep it in my car plugged in .
this product accurately and clearly displays the oven temperature .
it 's literally the size of three hand prints .
the stand mixer fits nicely under out cupboards .
i 'm so glad i bought with metal head .
assembly and dis-assembly is simple and easy and fast .
i will certainly buy this again for another iphone .
i am not going to buy another one .
i purchased this item based on the good reviews .
this allows me to change with different colors .
i broke the glass on my htc evo 4g .
using the same moves from the first title .
just read the instructions and take your time .
the cr-v jack is at least 18 '' away .
horrible.i guess they went for quantity not quality .
i tried several different jacks , outlets and locations .
we bought this when we ordered the easel .
they are very cute , and he loved them .
however i am working on simplifying our lives .
instructions by others on this site help too .
i am very disappointed with the lame gate .
on the upside it really hugs your iphone 4 .
one scoop of kernels makes a lot of popcorn .
i purchased two to replace a broken charger .
it was over all cheaply made and presented .
you cant even shoot anything in that mission .
after all , it is just a heating element .
i usually think of neutrogena as a good brand .
i was so excited for the new kotor game .
it looks very nice in my living room .
just in a box with no packing material .
can always use extra chargers and car adapters .
if the light burns out i wont replace it .
using the navigation button is tedious and time consuming .
it improves contrast and reduces the overhead glare .
the ricer tends to be a little sloppy .
i should have read the description more carefully .
my nikorr 18x105 i currently use all the time .
so i am currently looking for a dock extender .
the originals are still on and going strong .
sorry , not my choice for a good sequel .
this is a beautiful stoneware fresh butter keeper .
charged a 'large dog ' price for this item .
the phone is crystal clear and sounds great .
no more wasting paper towels with this cover .
my kids call them the harry potter silverware .
i just love it and so will my daughter .
aluminum and cleaning products are not always good friends .
i would love to put a positive review but .
those beans are n't getting out any time soon .
a well worth addition to any house hold .
had to replace them twice in 6 weeks .
the controls are on the back of the unit .
it hits my nose when i drink from it .
it does not fit on the iphone 4 .
my cats do not actually hit the grass .
i ca n't recommend the ez-gig software at all .
i was pretty excited to get this item .
i have no clue what the problem is .
oh and yes it is easy to clean .
at this price you simply can not beat it .
but i recommended devil may cry 3 anyday .
the whole unit mysteriously leaked water onto the counter .
would recommend , and would purchase again if needed .
perhaps this is not the intent of the manufacturer .
my favorite of all my whisks ! highly recommended .
keept in mind this does not include the charger .
i wo n't torture him with this product again .
in the computer game there are three speed options .
i think the term failure to thrive applies .
this was the only choice on the market .
this came in very handy by having 2 batteries .
for a single person it 's a great size .
this is one tigi product that failed me .
be sure that you are purchasing the classic series .
it slowly began to run and just stopped .
the ones provided with the machine are woefully incomplete .
i have to lower my rating for this .
also acts as great fan during hot weather .
one swat and the mouse was ripped apart .
it was plagued with low volume and poor connection .
wilton are the only cookie cutters i buy .
they were flimsy and i was too strong .
wish they had a full set for cheap ! .
this game is nothing more then a mindless filler .
looking for a higher quality 52mm uv filter now .
seems like it 's sensitive to the electricity also .
i think an eyebrow pencil is a better option .
buying for my 3 sisters as a christmas gift .
it feels like being cheated on a cheap basis .
it works better with the adeco poly lined bags .
for the price you really will love this sprayer .
this is a horrible design for an adapter .
i had really bad luck with this product .
real stainless steel is supposed to not rust .
i cook every meal i can in it .
i want to make this review rather short .
and , have lived here for over 20 yrs .
this will make it a bit more naturally non-stick .
just received our first reminder to change the filter .
it also has a very nice clean look .
this is a great easy to use product .
i actually bought this at wal-mart for $ 25 .
not as much of a bubble and i expected .
looks nice sitting there and is very effective .
the game is fundamentally flawed-even after it gets patched .
this swimsuit fit great when i received it .
this model has design flaws and should be recalled .
another friend says it glitches and locked up .
eggs in particular just stuck all over it .
i had to cut off lots of my hair .
my kitchen needs all the space it can get .
my honeywell 50250n , does the job i want .
the graphics are pretty good for a gameboy game .
i returned after the first day of having it .
when it cools , the oil molecules are trapped .
i am used to the logitech marble mouse .
no electronics to break just after warranty expires .
a friend uses the s4 with otterbox defender .
so i returned it and got a new unit .
really wanted a classy looking wood high step ladder .
i bought this on amazon and tried it once .
watch the video for pointers it was very helpful .
it will beep when the battery is reinserted correctly .
easy to use once you figure out the manual .
its true the best thing i ever bought .
they 're metal clips will retain the belt lock .
it just smells like corn + poop + urine .
this is one of the largest camp dutch ovens .
i had my jabra sport bluetooth headphones on .
others have stated that they bend under weight .
it has been an easy to operate phone .
gentle to my eyes though since i wear contacts .
see how the weight feels in your hand .
it is especially good to use for leftovers .
no cracks or broken edges on first inspection .
as with most calphalon , i like this spatula .
the youtube video shows a nice , small wall-wart .
the wusthof was a little heavy for me .
not really a fig flavor like traditional fig newtons .
there 's a big hole in the side seam .
there is barely any spice to it as well .
i was frankly somewhat unimpressed with this product .
had the unit 2 months before one port died .
it makes eating with them more fun for her .
i only wish that it came in blue .
during a long vacationyou do risk the battery failing .
i will stick with these filters when ordering again .
the grinder seems quite durable and easy to clean .
it loses at least a cup in brewing .
the engineering behind it is well thought out .
i like the idea of an air cleaner .
i recently bought my first foodsaver vacuum sealer .
it holds all my nail polishes and is sturdy .
i am very pleased with this coffee maker .
have used this coffee maker for several years .
this tends to be an issue on these items .
or maybe it is -- it is very rare .
the build is quality and a decent strainer .
it also looks nice on the bedside table .
entertaining thoughts of pursuing another for my droid bionic .
recommended for those who want things that last .
platforming is not intuitive in this game at all .
would love to send the unused product back .
that is all that it has going for it .
however , the flavor of this one was weird .
i would not recommend this product at all .
no soap or abrasive cleaners of any kind .
my face just looked red and kind of stung .
it does work with our ikea set however .
but we also had problems from the beginning .
it blends soups and ice drinks without effort .
i consulted with someone who used to sell cookware.1 .
the whole house will smell like apple pie .
i was not a big fan of this bar .
felt strong and not feeble even for its size .
thanks for a great case and superb clip .
this reaction was bad enough that i discontinued use .
then more and more water leaked out during cooking .
bought two of these sets and it works perfectly .
travelling from area to area is absolutely aweful .
but that was the case , not this part .
but i am accustomed to dealing with hardware issues .
i too was excited to see this size .
buttons fall off almost immediately , not very durable .
all of the cut outs are precise and smooth .
set the houdini on top of the cork .
i use it for my sponge and brushes .
charged it again and died within an hour .
my reason for needing this is not the iphone .
i decided to keep it and use it anyway .
the retractable cord is such a nice option ! .
the only problem is they wo n't eat them .
there are no real blueberries baked into this cookie .
which i just use in mini bundt pans .
this is exactly what i was looking for .
they worked well for measuring flour and sugar .
so , you just got your new iphone 3gs .
amazon should not offer this and degrade themselves .
however it did look nice and was sturdy otherwise .
seems the $ 8 pair is of better quality .
may be good for folks 40 and under .
it turns color after being in the dishwasher .
i do n't understand why this one does not .
motorola claims a 300-ft range from the phone .
i am glad i found replacement water filter here .
it is made by blackberry and works perfectly .
it 's like forbidden island but with less thrills .
i can now charge anything at the same time .
it is light and was very easy to install .
i bought this toaster nearly a year ago .
not good for big god with sharp teeth .
this was just not worth it for me .
if it falls , its the edges that kill .
i have a couple of sets of these .
also i received 15 stars not 20 as decribed .
i am using regular trash bags from the grocery .
it is perfect for cleaning a small room .
we are still glad that we purchased them regardless .
this is a very useful hands-free bluetooth speakerphone .
it 's been dropped several times and works great .
i have installed this product on my blackberry .
bought this for my 7 and 3 yo girls .
i 'll probably get the one for mac too .
i 've never seen vitamins that looked like these .
this is the second battery i have ordered .
it is also too low to the ground .
these sticks are prosumer quality -- not pro .
worked for two weeks but then would not charge .
after that , the d-link seemed to work fine .
i 've used humectress for the past 25-30 years .
i can microwave leftovers right in the storage container.3 .
by far the best blender i 've ever used .
this speck in my judgement is not grippy enough .
levi has a very difficult to decipher part number .
faulty product + no customer service = fail .
make no mistake , this is a large bowl .
bodyglove has won me over with this great product .
it was a very cheaply made knock out .
this item is not as big as it looks .
a cardinal sized bird shy away from it .
then i notice the intermittent floppy disk access .
plastic cookie presses often break sooner rather than later .
i bought one of these and really liked it .
they are heavy because of being stainless steel .
i unpacked everything and it was not as described .
but there is no such problem with this peeler .
it looks like top button is exposed in pics .
i was really disappointed with the panasonic es2216pc .
then i would have given it more stars .
using quality ingredients would be a good start .
international roaming on any phone is very expensive .
charging the note2 takes a reasonable amount of time .
i will be attempting the battery removal technique .
i could not get into this boring crap .
the buttons are large and easy to press .
all three carrots went through at one time .
it gives you the freedom to move around .
it grinds the coffee beans very well and quickly .
i will update this if i have problems .
i went back to my falling apart blueant z9 .
a knife is almost as fast , yet effortless .
i took it back to exchange for a linksys .
i used to steep tea bags for 15-20 min .
so i gave it a 5 star lmaol .
the soft nub slides well and is fairly accurate .
works great and quickly pops up a batch .
they are very well made knives , but costly .
i 'm not sure if it is truly raw .
stay far , far away from city of heroes .
there is *some* foaming action but not much .
this double bundt pan is heavy and cooks evenly .
it works perfectly and is very heavy duty .
this is crazy ! a total waist of money .
i will never buy another product made by schwinn .
this one charges much faster than the standard one .
metal gear is a game focusing on stealth .
this is the best creamer i 've ever owned .
to start off , these do sound pretty good .
this is the second one that has broken .
no instead we have to swim ridiculously long distances .
it did n't work out so i returned it .
we are using these regularly since their arrival .
the last thing we need is more omega-6 .
i didnt turn orange , i turned tan hahah .
i was completely surprised and thrilled when it came .
i would by gel covers like this again .
i stopped using it after only a week .
think of it as training wheels for the pastry-challenged .
the osterizer bowl is narrow at the base .
chicago is great knives for the dollar spent .
other than color , i could detect no difference .
love the fact i can sharpen at any time .
plus i 've found it to be very accurate .
also , the polish is thick and apparently old .
much the same issue with the ipad 2 .
i probably make waffles once every 2 months .
she immediately ripped the fabric off the toy .
this game has nothing to do with the movie .
they are easy to wash & are dish-washer safe .
but for me this is not a deal-breaker .
guess u can have stinky hair or stiff hair .
its very hard and the camera angles are annoying .
they certainly clean up easily and look great displayed .
is amazon starting to make stuff up now ? .
i thought it tasted like a weight loss shake .
this is exactly what we were looking for .
the double unit is huge compared to this cage .
i also notice the xl seemed a little smaller .
i have no complaints about this product so far .
eliminates the use of metal rings and lids .
this tool is so fun and easy to use .
its big enough and adjustable for any phone .
at that point i gave up and tossed it .
looks great and fits in the frig well .
reeds like to stick very easy with this call .
sounds more like a cow in pain to me .
and it offers protection as a rubber shell case .
i had to get tweezers to handle the pegs .
i would recommend these rack to my friends .
this one works like it is supposed to .
i like the bright colors of the papers .
i replaced the factory provided batteries to no avail .
otherwise everything else with the product was fine ! .
love this bag and will probably buy more .
one called five times a day for many days .
this gets fine glitter out of a carpet .
it slices through it like butter , almost effortlessly .
put together and take down were a breeze .
this hair spray does not hold my curls .
the product was open and all over plastic bag .
they are really nice but they are big .
but they are unbearably tight in the crotch .
the rewind button will not stay locked when rewinding .
works well with my espresso and cappuccino maker .
the taste of the brewed coffee is adequate .
this will be sitting on my desk at work .
for this reason i 'd never buy them again .
they are perfect for at school and work .
they assume that things have never been better .
they are an excellent buy and i recommend .
it stopped playing the cassettes in about 4 months .
its my first piece of cast iron pots .
i do continue to use it for ricing potatoes .
i do not miss being able to see seconds .
i can wear it all day without irritation .
just be careful not to bend the usb connector .
this item description says it works with comcast .
the bars sound really good and i love strawberry .
a good idea but a little awkward to use .
back to norelco and everything is much better .
i 've bought thorlos before with much better wear .
not a game to play and take turns .
it was surgically debrided and vetericyn is not helping .
we have two and have given 2-3 as gifts .
it is n't as noisy as my hand mixer .
its easy to clean , especially because its transparent .
i rebooted once and had to reinstall everything .
however , i was greatly disappointed with the lens .
there is literally no point to it at all .
i am a big fan of coffee and cappuccino .
also , the 318 has some serious focusing problems .
no one will remember this game in 15 years .
sturdy , cute & very collectible in our house .
this specific design does not work well for me .
i would purchase something else for more money .
it works well to keep family phones identified .
for the price you ca n't go wrong here .
much larger clumps than i had ever seen .
bought three of them for me and my kids .
i hope this review helps in your decision .
in fact , id even worse harm to it .
i bought these yesterday and returned them today .
they are a little gritty from the cast .
also keeps hands clean pulling dough to the sides .
it worked beautifully and with absolutely no problems .
these have become our favorite pans , for cheesecake .
i 'm very happy with this food grinder attachment .
it even has a place to hide the wire .
definitely one of the best purchases i made .
i just love my new braun water kettle .
this glue did absolutely nothing to my lashes .
many years since i have used ci cookware .
and i tried two different brands of speaker stands .
you can have a wife and no kids .
i ordered one and had it within 2 days .
these cables are cheaply made by mono price .
this is a good product , non bleached filters .
that will be gone soon.i recommend the arkley .
but it is consol taking it 's last breaths .
it literaly gets boring after a 1/2 hour .
perfect size and holds everthing like it should .
this was packaged nicely and i like the cover .
that alone makes the toy not worth the buy .
the 3m tape mounts this piece like it should .
item has protected my phone since day one .
this shell fit me like a large sweater would .
my older parents ca n't use it at all .
the finish looked rough and had a pitted appearance .
i was debating getting this doll for my daughter .
works well insulating when tending my weber grill .
for the price , it works for our needs .
luna bars are rated with a skull and crossbones .
way to small even for a small person .
my engine runs smoother and throttle response is noticeable .
nothing remains stuck in the mesh at all .
the second issue revolves around the battery life .
there is no pads to protect the earlobes .
it was junky and i returned the item .
great gift for anyone who really likes moose .
what sets apart the amazon brand is the price .
you can not control which direction it turnspros.1 .
this cover is slim and has a great grip .
i had one , ordered another plus replacement bristles .
permanent filters save my money and the trees .
not that this matters , because both are inaccurate .
i hope they last longer than the previous reviews .
i will stick to a different clasp system .
it let you know when the pot needs cleaning .
this is a step backwards from asheron 's call2 .
so i purchased the standard version of this mixer .
this made me lower my rating to 4 stars .
now it is my phone 's primary live id .
you have ot buy extra software to do this .
these stands make the room look a lot better .
i 've had to send this back twice now .
i was told fear is a super scary thriller .
i have their smaller ones and love them .
i love the cushion and support along the tailbone .
i did dump out and never buy again .
this works very well to hold my phone .
the snap traps remain the most effective for us .
it is sturdy and has held up very well .
this is an easy product to use and practical .
it tastes bad when placed directly in your mouth .
hands down the worst hand greater on the market.1 .
i thought it said 3oz , not 3.5 inchs .
i felt violated to tell you the truth .
the cats in my neighborhood love this stuff .
i purchased this product about 6 weeks ago .
i love this product and i use it often .
i thought i had all the necessary equipment .
it was a christmas gift that did not work .
the 2.1 amp charger works quickly for the phone .
this item is well worth the price and wait .
we have had a whirley-pop popper for years .
the top ripped the first time i used this .
it is really cute though- nice bright colors .
it is kinda annoying but i live with it .
just keep it on the grill and season it .
it was delivered on time and in great condition .
a nice looking , fully-functional 12000mah external battery pack .
i bake a lot and i highly recommend it .
the build up of black particles comes off easy .
and amazon can eat the one word needed bs .
in the first minute i knew i hated them .
you can not fit what the product info states .
this knife runs circles around my old henkels .
6 to spare , and tottaly worth the money .
i come across some motorbikes , they make noises .
they do not use gelatin in their capsules .
this case is exactly what i was looking for .
meaning there is no shock absorption at all .
this was put out by 2k games not sega .
you can not replace the belt if it breaks .
to boot , they are extremely comfortable as well .
i could barely get my credit cards out .
however , view cjk web site has no problem .
it sounds like a fan on high- nothing crazy .
a larger pot would end up with wasted leftovers .
fridge light allows ok reading if slightly fogged .
it worked for six days and then died .
the slow masticating feature takes it over the edge .
would recommend it highly although it is slightly bulky .
it 's easy to clean and no old maids .
if you need a grill buy this one .
this makes pumping difficult but it still sprays .
a little hard to keep in my ears .
they work- no sweat and keep beverages colder longer .
i have never been a big fan of earbuds .
the cord will separate rendering the cord useless .
a very nice tough to a fine hot dinner .
i noticed the product comes with a 18-month warranty .
i love this pan and use it *frequently* .
i use 2 batteries with my samsung sidekick .
it was easy to use and easy to clean .
the amco 6-quart stainless-steel colander is an excellent buy .
pairing this with my phone was also a breeze .
it takes about eight minutes to prepare the shell .
there is also hardware for my klipsch bookshelf set .
however , it runs very very small and narrow .
add to 2 cups boiling water on stove .
too much work for what you get in return .
its awesome and should last a long time .
i really , really wanted to like this game .
definitely worth owning if you drink wine on occasion .
it is hard to rub into your skin .
i 've also tried a number of different recipes.every .
i accidentally bought these in the lavender scent .
and the cake pops right out of the pan .
it is an inexpensive case but it works .
just too ridiculously tiny to showcase the design .
i like this much better than older electric one .
it was almost flaking off in my food .
it really picks up a lot of stuff .
i 've used this only once to shred cabbage .
this is a really nice little sushi set .
i purchased the stove nov 2011 for backpacking .
i have a love/hate relationship with celebrity perfumes .
now to try to find an organic alternative .
she still uses it after so many years .
it might be good for an older child .
try unit out when i first bought it .
well about 3 hours later she started getting sick .
more substantial than i thought it would be .
the whole surface of the brush was not usable .
the lavender is a very pleasant , mild smell .
i 'm truly impressed with this considering the price .
the sound quality is worse than am radio .
i bought this router and it worked well .
is this seller worth ordering from i wonder .
this is just right for what i wanted .
it made my lashes stick together and smears .
the pizzazz for us cooks the pizza to perfection .
you might want to wait until engineers redesign it .
this piece of junk bent from day one .
or even trade for 3/4 value.about virgin mobile .
please save your money and dont buy this game .
i was skeptical , but these do actually work .
no way to reduce the difficulty level , either .
i guess i 'll do some research on it .
it sticks to your hands after handling the bottle .
actually costs 1/4 retail at a local store .
got the product but have n't used it yet .
buy more then one you 'll use them often .
spend the extra money , it is worth it .
most others have written a lot about brita .
i would buy another in a second if needed .
it is a very high quality , solid product .
no problems with this charger after one year .
i replaced them with something a little more durable .
i have also used this strainer to make applesauce .
way too small to even accomodate small pads .
this item is exactly the size i needed .
the tops are good and go on well .
when a phone call comes in it transitions well .
so , i shipped the lens on december 8 .
there 's a lot of work to be done .
may buy one do actually do pasta with .
i received both a blueberry and cherry pure bar .
for the price it is a worth it .
i recently borrowed this game from a friend .
unfortunately that makes them very easy to lose .
for me it did not work at all .
this product did n't work for me at all .
i have found this brand to be the best .
fit the my touch 4g fine , no issues .
nice color and i liked the soft touch finish .
if you choose a play , the replay ends .
i can never find cute cell phone accessories .
the carafe on this unit is a big disappointment .
car chargers : one thing i really hate buying .
my daughter also uses it for her ipod .
this arrived on time and was shipped perfectly .
plugs in to any 110-125v normal household plug in .
as i suspected my homemade yogurt ran through it .
great quality as is expected from corelle products .
but i will probably take it away from him .
soap opera 's can come up with better storylines .
never add batter to a cold waffle iron .
when i got the new one up and running .
the replacement was purchased from a local merchant .
you can tell when something has already been opened .
this was obvious when i washed the floor .
its engine just purrs and mixes in a flash .
i 've had this machine for 2 months now .
and , sometimes asian markets can yield unusual pleasures .
one of the very few disappointing purchases from amazon .
i 'll not be ordering this particular soup again .
but i would not recommend as flea control .
this is not the first one i have owned .
i am angry , i usually am not .
it 's just the right size for my oven .
i kept it anyway , i will use it .
the one bad diamond was just terrible and embarrassing .
now i can use my coffer maker again .
works very well for grinding eggshells and other stuff .
i did some thick and some pretty darn thin .
we found it at the mall for $ 22 .
they acted like they were afraid of them .
the straps broke after only a few uses .
i eschewed the stand , maybe in the future .
at least for this case that was n't true .
stopped working after i used i it once .
this did the job and the price was right .
the mat fits my largest cookie sheet just right .
but it is n't as flexible as this one .
the product itself is just about perfect.very highly recommended .
my problem is with the distributor on amazon .
i love the clear sides of the phone case .
i put only one clove in at a time .
none of these gives that impression at all .
they do n't stick to themselves or anything else .
trying and trying and not getting any good results .
this was a gift to my cousin in law .
the best part is that every kernel popped .
the cooker comes with a basket-style steamer insert .
it is also easy to pair with my ipad .
no more choice between watery or burnt bottom rice .
the cars look fantastic , though they handle poorly .
very nice product and would recommend to anyone ! .
dont buy it its a waste of time .
i always have a couple extra on hand .
installation took 15-20 min because i took my time .
the quality control is definitely hit or miss .
another plus is that it 's easy to clean .
i think it looks nice and gives good protection .
so far , both are working fine for headphones .
just wish i did n't have to do this .
bags are less expensive at the above retailer too .
i was so excited & it works perfectly .
i like the idea of the hidden scoop .
and there are pour spouts on either side .
i have to give away the stockpile i had .
baking is even , unlike what another reviewer said .
the rotating brushes really scrub out stains like magic .
and i will leave this seller into black list .
just could not get used to the taste .
the manual states it works with any mmc card .
still looks like the day i bought it .
guess thats my fault for not paying better attention .
they were cheap so i gave it a shot .
this is perfect for that.the jabra is wonderful .
the ones at the kiosk were loose and finicky .
we even put it in the washer and dryer .
i recently found a new use for it .
and last about as long as they always have .
however the rest of this kit is garbage .
they would ignore it and seemed to drink less .
the outside air temperature was in the 60 's .
these were a christmas gift for my husband .
the negative would be the additional metal clip .
i 'm very pleased with the service and product .
i do n't understand all the fuss about cleaning .
i 've also used it to reheat certain leftovers .
on my samsung battery i get about 16 hours .
you are able to change case at any time .
it will fit my lg800g without the gel skin .
i am really attached to these measuring spoons .
this is the best g2x case out there .
they look outstanding coming out of the box .
a couple months later , the belt clip broke .
i sent a set to my mother also .
i was using my wife 's pan for soapmaking .
have not have many opportunites to use them yet .
make sure you get a nice screen protector too .
it is about the size of a black bumblebee .
best way to peel and core several apples .
do not be swayed by the occasional glowing review .
this camera disappoints on a number of levels .
my daughter and i both love our spice carousel .
there is no hole to accommodate the earphone jack .
i have had not one problem thus far .
and i did so this really came in handy .
i finally quit after a week or so .
using a pump should not be this hard .
you must follow instructions to pre-warm the container .
the system keeps food free of freezer burn .
this tea has a strong , artificial orange flavor .
i bought this because of the convenient size .
first tenderizer i have owned and love it .
which is what i will probably end up doing .
makes a great orange freeze , or cream whipper .
this is the reason of most bad reviews .
we finally gave up and repurchased another mr .
sorry i waited too long to return these .
all this is missing from this cd player .
i got a headache the minute i spelt it .
this looks exactly oem and performs as it should .
this filter fits perfectly as a replacement filter .
makes my hair sticky when it 's humid outside .
read the reviews before you buy this case .
it is clean , it never touches the food .
i have no idea what the problem is .
my laptop computer crashed on the first re-start .
fire starter rod is only so so at best .
the 20th century zyliss went into the goodwill box .
i love the magnetic closure flap = very secure .
just to cook a waffle that is soft .
i am a real stickler for iphone screen protectors .
sections must be very small in order to work .
bs and it specifically says compatible with itouch 1 .
this turns out to be mostly marketing hype .
problem was in rubbing off i deleted some digits .
the wood handle burned away and the brass melted .
something that my children will be fighting over someday .
it most certainly was not an oriental vanilla .
trying to adjust the size is a joke .
they bake bread evenly , and clean up easily .
i bought this after seeing reviews raving about it .
i will be throwing them away and going without.jeff .
i was pleasantly surprised with these magnetic clips .
there was nothing nourishing about the conditioner included either .
i got this for my ball loving dog .
i had another one of these that leaked .
tamron has long been known for spotty quality control .
and now you know which ingredient to avoid .
i feel we got our use out of it .
yes this toy does shut off too quick .
the coffee comes out plenty hot and tastes great .
you will need the 6mm or the 8mm .
mix and match , they all look good together .
allow yourself time to become acquainted with it .
i first used it on my hands and fingers .
save your money and look at whatever elseisitthere .
the feel of this product is really solid .
although the graphics may be fancy thats about it .
the others ca n't quite make that same claim .
as a wired router , this works well enough .
size will seal nearly any jar in my cupboard .
only a few concerns right out of the box .
and did the work infinitely better than ever before .
this is my first bad review on a product .
dont bother yourself spending money on this thing .
the concentrators can be used numerous times without changing .
again in this picture many pieces were missing .
other than that , its perfect for the price .
i own the shoes for less than one year .
apparently this is necessary on certain vehicles and equipment .
maybe this just is n't right for a corgi .
i understand that this item was only $ 2 .
a word of warning : wash immediately after use .
i have discarded my iphone original earphone for this .
it 's like a part of my body now .
it really is for mediums and smaller large dogs .
i have a 3rd generation 30 gb ipod .
the phone was a great price and well conditioned .
all in all a real piece of dung .
a definite must in a household with little ones .
she thought it would play music or something .
a little common sense can go a long way .
so the cars have some negative and positive elements .
the size of the saucepan is just right .
when i moved i lost it so bought another .
will update this review after i try them .
also very easy to assemble and take apart .
this item was shipped fast and in good packaging .
my machine did n't work the first two attempts .
im just glad that it was so cheap .
my daughter is extremely happy with her christmas gift .
lo and behold , i have b+ type blood .
it is heavy and this did the trick .
i was not happy at all with theses pens .
all the rest of this review means nothing .
the cups are stainless steel and nice and sturdy .
my make-up is fading out same as always .
so incredibly bad smelling that i threw it away .
mistakenly bought a competitive product with lifetime warranty .
i had no problem with the previous version .
i did that for the hdmi adapter also .
what i got was more of a triangle shape .
it took 3 days before the soreness eased up .
i owned a head set previously but they broke .
they were quick and very reasonable in price .
update 11/11/2008my wife 's died about two weeks ago .
sometimes i think two would be even better .
i use it for heating water for our smoker .
the poor quality blade is not made by oster .
the knives are very strong , very good metal .
the failure was not do to accident or misuse .
whatever keeps you in the game you know .
keyboard is often unresponsive , along with the mouse .
i have to admit that i am probably jaded .
i think i still have the cake pan .
we never even got the chance to wrap it .
all the slots are perfectly designed to fit 4s .
the most troublesome cookies just slide right off .
these were crappy and did not last very long .
they are selling this case for seidio exclusively .
the jolly time popcorn salt is the best ever .
i turned her on to the kyjen line .
this is a great knife for those intermediate chefs .
this was no better than any of the others .
i made my krumkake so much faster this year .
it is easy to clean , easy to use .
i bought it for my 3 months old maltese .
the 510 was best in noisy and windy environments .
it was on time as expect and everything .
they deserve to tout their success in this arena .
this makes eating salad into an easy meal .
it does the job and is priced right .
it came timely and was delivered in perfect condition .
i own many of the cuisinart pots and pans .
this whisk is super for sauces and eggs .
this cuisinart is nice and quiet and so pretty .
oh the wok spatula is very , very nice .
i also got these in non retail packaging .
i contacted the seller and they were really good .
just be sure that you watch it carefully .
well , atlease it did not take too long .
the dialog during the cut scenes is totally off .
i do n't feel that bad about tossing it .
it cooks quick and is easy to clean .
not exactly what i expected from the picture .
the wipes are in no way soft or absorbent .
simple easy and a great little screen cover .
at least they were easy to work with .
this pasta bowl in turquoise is a stunning dish .
the handle broke right by the bottom blue part .
the batteries are the weakest part on the roomba .
these 8.3 oz cans of switch keep their promise .
i have gotten numerous complements on this case .
you can quickly and easly access the phone quickly .
even my husband has enjoyed cooking with it .
blade curved on one side , straight on other .
but after a while the singal was gone again .
the current price for this machine appears good .
now i am down to just about zip .
the cushion is very well padded & comfy .
they keep dust from settling on your favourite clothes .
the blue and purple did but with difficulty .
i use it to make sausage , 5 lbs .
both are highly recommended by the american test kitchen .
you ca n't go snorkeling with it or anything .
i was doing a lot of reading online .
i was shocked when i read the numbers .
each pot/pan needs to be seasoned with oil .
the material is also very scratchy and uncomfortable .
the item is as listed and looks as pictured .
with this pressure cooker , hours turn into minutes .
it is being sent back for a refund .
x5 is not a good game on any terms .
it was exactly what i have been looking for .
warning : dwl-650+ may corrupt firmware on hp laptops .
these storage bowls are very good in my opinion .
mainly the indoor picture quality is the worst .
i would not buy a similar item from sony .
the only good thing was the triple minutes .
easy to install and has a low profile .
very reasonably priced for a genuine motorola replacement part .
this makes the ole garlic squish a breeze .
ditto the comments for the 10 inch version .
this stuff tastes like arse mixed with jager .
it will fit the other one , but loose .
i really love it , and recommend it highly .
i dropped my expensive phone in a mud puddle .
and looked exactly how it did in the picture .
this is pretty much what we were looking for .
in addition , amazon delivers these to fpo addresses .
these do not stick to the upholstered furniture .
some people love this phone and some hate it .
where it falls short is actually the microwave side .
i spent over an hour applying the screen protector .
to many buttons for combo 's and highly frustrating .
you might as well just eat sugar free candy .
it says i get about 9 hours talk time .
it makes my scalp itch after a shampoo .
this vinyl table cloth fit fine on our table .
but i did not take heed of this fowarning .
i felt that there was no benefit at all .
also , this comes with a car charger included .
after a week of calling/emailing we 've given up .
exactly the one you see in the store .
went thru a lot of phones but one charger .
purchasing this toy is simply throwing money away .
we used this knife to help prepare christmas dinner .
it is just what i was looking for .
but i just could not get used to it .
speaking of which , offline character interaction is relevant .
i do n't feel it provides any real benefit .
evo - the ancestral diet has 50 % protein .
this is a pretty good set of cutting boards .
this knife came as sharp as any knife gets .
i think people who wear them look like dorks .
they should have it by size not bust .
would change my star rating to zero if possible .
there is only one thing i do n't like .
there is a definite quality difference between the two .
these are the best pots i 've ever had .
with the skillet , the seasoning has some issues .
i have a few gluten free bread cookbooks .
i refuse to purchase accessories from the sprint store .
if you wear x-large , x-large will fit tight .
these are durable and reliable as is most pyrexware .
i was hoping it would be easy to read .
you are paying for a product that is incomplete .
it was pretty good prior to the change .
wo n't break in two weeks like cheap ones .
it just makes it feel gooey , and dull .
this is the perfect replacement for your g1 .
they last for a long time on my phone .
there is absolutely no function for the upper screen .
would definitely recommend this unit to a friend .
my favorite cake comes out perfect every time .
after i got it , my phone was fine .
i like that there are 5 in the package .
a good car charger for your apple product .
the machine requires approximately 1 ounce per cleaning .
nowhere on the package does it say samsung .
only lasted a few weeks before it burnt out .
likely it will sit in storage until tomato time .
it did not ! i will not buy anymore .
steaming milk in this pitcher is quick and easy .
and that is as good as it gets .
very small but it works great in the car .
initially , they were a kind of felt material .
otherwise i really like it and would highly recommend .
overall , i am very pleased with the purchase .
this cord should not be used for dsl .
i have grown to love this little thing .
i purchased this in june 2007 for my office .
noise factor is about the same for both brands .
i hear the beep , and look at it .
i was hopeful that this would be much easier .
i had to throw the entire thing out .
the one and two cup measures get daily use .
no way will i ever buy these again .
it holds the charge for a long time .
i have not been able to stop using it .
one of the best buy i made recently .
use a credit card toi get the bubbles out .
however , amazon was awesome in their customer service .
i have yet to wear out the first two .
i received exactly what i ordered and it worked .
it is already leaking within a few uses .
i will keep it but would not purchase again .
the pointed end of this knife is not serrated .
comes in handy to charge a spare battery .
i have had this set since aug 2006 .
i have tried 3 different sizes/widths of this shoe .
i started reading reviews like a mad man .
i would guess it 's fine for styrofoam helmets .
you *have* to deal with the moving waters .
great for streaming audio from computer to television .
better coffee than those coffee makers , byfar ! .
reliable for charging via computer or wall outlet .
it does not hold my hair that well .
used to replace the speaker in my htc incredible .
these hangers are very heavy duty and work great .
jab in the prongs and away you go .
would n't recommend them unless for a gag gift .
these bundles are appropriate for 2 or 3 kids .
the other unacceptable flaw was the flimsy mounting system .
i dont know if there is other colors .
not sure how it got previous nice reviews .
measurements are the same as other cooking methods .
this phone would be waiting for that day .
i do n't think i will purchase these again .
the headset is very uncomfortable and very very cheap .
as for me , i use each phone equally .
needed a big knife for cutting some large vegetables .
when we received the lid it did not fit .
these screen protectors fit my iphone 4s very well .
this game is fun for about 1 hour .
works great and so fun to show off ! .
i bought this to replace my anolon 16 qt .
i wish i had never wasted my money .
it can trap dirt even it is retracted .
aluratek seems to be the original equipment manufacturer however .
got this item to put sour dough starter in .
three boxes of cake mix fit this pan perfect .
love to make small meals works great for oatmeal .
i want a perfect seal around the edges .
quality is still there , but its pretty slipery .
no more singed , unclean or burned oven mitts .
i like cleaning blender jars on the blender .
the heat this unit puts out is minimal .
this is mainly because it is incredibly easy .
it slowly fell apart until it was useless .
i worry about transporting it inside my purse .
this rope broke within 1 month of me using .
had no problem at all putting it on .
its very loose and creates air bubbles all over .
that is why i am a loyal amazon customer .
the shiny stainless steel looks polished in our kitchen .
it made my hair dry and desperately thirsty.5 .
other napkin holders i read about on amazon ) .
it makes uncorking wine both fun and easy .
a day later she still had n't eaten it .
its the exact same case that minisuit is selling .
so poorly written a drunken monkey can do better .
stinky is shear terror to 2 yr old son .
it has been a great little coffee maker .
highly disappointing in how horrible the variety was .
genuis idea to whoever came up with it .
they said that those noises are loud and unbearable .
cooking two poached eggs to perfection is very easy .
overall i am pretty happy with this cleaner .
i purchased - and returned - the zagg invisishied .
the charge capacity is great for it 's size .
i have bought many and used them as gifts .
would recommend this item to all tea drinkers ! .
cpu ; pentium 4/ 2.4 ghz single core processor3 .
primo is a good name for this frother .
based on other reviews , not an uncommon problem .
it really dried my hair out and damaged it .
this slow cooker is a step above the rest .
the dirt receptacle was easy to dump and replace .
i am sure it will be changing soon .
they have really improved their product over the years .
the sanyo ecj-d55s comes with an instruction manual .
i would not order or use this soap again .
you constantly do the same thing which is .
i really had been looking forward to this product .
this 2 1/2 quart size has worked wonderfully .
a new product to replace one that was eliminated .
they are built to look just like my pans .
i wish they made them like they used too .
i just wish i knew they were non-removable .
first off i do n't have a big/small head .
i finally bought it because the price was right .
these are excellent kitchen cutlery for a reasonable price .
you hardly have to apply any force at all .
to sum this game up in one word horrible .
anyway , he exchanged them for a new pair .
i called the company hoping they would comp .
too expensive sticks to have broken down so fast .
other than that , this is a phenomenal case .
i bought mine for rehab of my knee .
bought this one for my son and his wife .
these were bought as undershirts under work shirts .
maybe my kit is just old or something .
wish i did n't have to buy two though .
bought this game because it got such stellar comments .
i do not recommend this leash to anyone .
once again , revlon has failed to satisfy me .
what was most important to me was battery life .
maybe that would knock off the last star possible .
i took a chance and ordered this bowl .
i find this grinder to be very good .
it works well for my butter chicken sauce too .
well it turns out that i was right .
cooking is always better when everything is handy .
i see other reviewers had the same problem .
the floor grips did not stay in one place .
there 's dog food info all over the net .
it would also be great as a dish brush .
they are way too big for my small face .
i read many product reviews before deciding to purchase .
save your money and pass on this product .
and the first one made my little girl sick .
so not sure why the word steam cleaner .
it maintains a good edge for quite a while .
graphics are alright , the sound is bad though .
the other 97 percent is water glycerin and alcohol .
the antenna must be mounted outside on a pole .
for the price it was well worth it .
i have had this rice cooker for years .
they seem to do well in the dishwasher .
very unhappy with this and now i 'm stuck .
i 'm what you would call a veteran gamer .
however , they seemed to have fixed the problem .
they do n't respond properly to wii controller either .
the blade came with no instructions for use .
so convenient i never leave home without it .
the mechanism seems to be of very good quality .
in fact i have ordered 3 more sets .
my son received this toy as a gift .
we have to retrieve this or that package .
without the pad my hand rests on the desk .
not at all what i thought it was .
i worried about him choking on the plastic parts .
the plot moves through a series of cutscenes .
it was a little to large for my use .
it rides up and is not flattering at all .
product heats bed and can get very warm .
the pear is n't as crispy as the apple .
for the first few times of using it .
it works perfectly and is way way less expensive .
she had done canning before using a different method .
the treats are the size of dog food .
this is the best in a long time .
could be a dosage issue , but who knows .
it writes smoothly like a quality pen would write .
lay it out with the help of a squeegee .
it falls apart after one or two uses .
this jxd rc helicopter would not even lift off .
i use it for chicken , fish and vegetables .
but it does n't serve the purpose i need .
but for me thats all that was needed .
large interior and yet not a bulky exterior .
this one is probably my fav right not .
the locking lid is a nice safety feature .
good concept but it is so hard to open .
not much else to say about a water filter .
the battery pack only lost 1 green dot .
the fact that is reversible is very useful .
this scraper is easy to hold onto and sturdy .
the extra cost would have been worth it .
i decided to try this out while jogging .
more examples outlining the differences between the two phones .
i could n't tell a difference after using this .
they have been great about replacing damaged products .
i spent a few hours on amazon reading reviews .
so far , every loaf came out pretty good .
my 2003 system was just retired and faxing regularly .
i have never had this issue before with concealer .
i like the nonstick cover on the handle .
little tricky to get the air vent mount on .
however during the first year it works great ! .
the size of the dice is up to you .
we got both the salt and matching pepper mills .
we use this every morning making our espresso .
he says they do n't stay on his head .
it 's good quality and easy to put together .
my advice is to not buy an hp pda .
the digitizer is quite sensitive and works fine .
the comfy cone is probably a better buy .
this means that in the sink , it drains .
hood , i ordered it from the amazon marketplace .
that is over 250 uses and still going strong .
recommended for anyone looking for a replacement battery .
both of them swear by the durability of fiestaware .
4 stars because they are well built headphones .
the wonderful reviews prompted me to buy this product .
but after the first shave i was not happy .
they are cheaply made and not of good quality .
the papers were thin , really thin and flimsy .
larger base definitely more stable with blender on .
it was very well wrapped in bubble wrapping .
i purchase this for my daughter and son-in-law .
i bought passed on the favorable 'star ' rating .
and then we cut into the final product .
but when i put this on her face .
this one works perfect , i highly recommend it .
dr oz is the one that suggested this .
sorry if i sound a bit too cocky .
other than that i think that it is great .
both of mine still running fine.update june 2009 .
when you drop it it sometimes pops open .
looks nice next to a macbook or imac .
this cute little headset works with the iphone 4s .
i love zojirushi and have many of their products .
the venta is exceptionally quiet and extremely effective .
absolutely the perfect size for a family of 2 .
there are similar treats made in the u.s .
good first case for my new vzw ip4.overall 4/5 .
i like the non-oil , healthier popcorn it makes .
i have beem making mostly iced coffees lately .
actually , i want all of the sizes now .
it could use a center support , otherwise perfect .
save your money and look for something else .
does what it is supposed to do well .
i also like the measurment lines on the end .
i returned it and got my money back .
my husband loves to use this when i cook .
finally , i tried adjusting the internal trim pot .
i think they should be labeled as 500 each .
i was on a mission to replace it .
my knives started to rust after 3wks of use .
what good is that ? - way too slow .
the sleeve is easily removable for cleaning purposes .
i bought two of them : red and white .
great gift for yourself or a loved one .
the quality of our sunday beverages is much improved .
these dont agree with me and make me lethargic .
the case was well packaged and received quickly .
it is just not a good quality cat food .
brewing stops midway and has to be restarted4 .
i did n't care for this coffee at all .
it boils water quickly plus the 32 oz .
2 for me and 2 for my wife .
no effort required and opens the cans cleanly .
right now i use it to fill my kuerig .
it is n't helpful in keeping the pantry organized .
i also love that they come in different depths .
i purchased this for my 5 year old grandson .
this upper/lower business does n't make sense to me .
the item arrived on time an in great condition .
now i understand why most liked the product .
just a novelty item not functional at all .
i would not hesitate to buy this again .
i had to go over the sections multiple times .
no one paid much attention to the requirements .
this is the reason why i bought this product .
i regret the money i spent in this mouse .
i tried everything to make this work for me .
best set i have every owned or used .
bought this one for someone else and sent .
feels uncomfortable in the hand while using it .
it definitely took fun away from the game .
these stacking cooling rack are a good idea .
these hatchets are supposedly made in the us .
good for what it does , basically a dechlorinator .
nylon melts when it meets the hot iron surface .
or feed it medication because it has a cold .
this thing was nothing but problems for me .
choosing other company 's compactflash is better for you .
a cup of water boils in 45 seconds .
it stopped working the same morning that they opened .
it brings out the flavors so much better .
my 4 year old got this for his birthday .
it does n't take very long to heat up .
i 'm a pretty big fan of meguairs products .
my fake nails popped off easily with this glue .
the outside sheathing is just too loose for me .
all in all it 's perfect especially for emergencies .
last year i bought this knife and loved it .
the handle is comfortable and easy to hold .
i paid 250 at my local health food store .
the quality of the product is very good .
otherwise this is a great bargain and works amazingly .
you should try to test it out first .
one other area of concern is the camera .
thank goodness for foodsaver bags and thank you amazon .
it is my most prized piece of cookware .
to call this a trap is being very generous .
it was delivered in my mailbox on saturday afternoon .
could use better back smoothing as all bras should .
it works quite well and cleans up easily .
highly recommend it for this type of use .
will no hesitate on buying them again if needed .
i had to affix it with super glue .
not to mention the prices is much better .
it does leave in conditioner to protect your hair .
got these 6 months ago and loved them .
went through bottles of the stuff with no improvement .
the box has a deceptively secure appearance in photos .
so i sent that back for a replacement .
a copper deficiency can cause painful nerve damage .
i requested replacement but have not heard from anyone .
upon receiving this item i was very pleased .
but i think that is not it 's fault .
i have owned chicago cutlery for thirty years .
and these sticks are cheaper than fireplace matches .
i 'm sorry i bought the glass carafe first .
save yourself the disappointment and go for that one .
i will read the fine print better next time .
i currently have this phone and i hate it .
use fine sandpaper to smooth the edge and wash .
the lids fit well and are easy to wash .
it is paper thin and it is hard .
i was really hoping to love this product .
i find the only difference is the tethering hack .
you can know how much charge the unit has .
the gorilla glass will be enough for regular users .
this case is a perfect fit for the phone .
she wore the little pink one for 3 weeks .
useless when it flares everything you point it at .
the price is fair for what you get .
upon startup the printer would then print the job .
we bought heavy duty hooks for the coats .
second , the microphone is located on the top .
legends of wrestling is not worth it at all .
no one plays this game on xbox live .
good product for the price and give production output .
it was on her face , eyes and mouth .
but it is not truly unlocked as advertised .
this if what i hate most about it .
this is the best popper i have used .
i was excited to give these a try .
it was a good idea , but poor execution .
you can try other otter box cases as well .
i have owned many weight gloves over the years .
they have all these special charts and photos .
but this toy actually sounds like a squeaking mouse .
i like the back and forth mechanism on this .
i would never buy one on my own .
i wanted to like this coffee , i did .
i does what it says and diffuses the heat .
crawling through grass and avoiding enemies is boring .
i really enjoy buying the cases from amazon .
we keep it charged when not in use .
found an old sunbeam electric knife with no cord .
i bought one for my nephew who is 4 .
this could be big ben 's little brother bill .
the box was black with gold dots throughout .
more of a shovel , than a rake imo .
just the right size for a single person .
i use them for toast and small dips .
one taste and this went in the trash .
i have very sensitive skin and many allergies .
of course the bottle it self seems fairly tough .
definitely not worth it , no sting or not .
no complaints about this product from warm mart .
the regular tray still had marinade in it .
you do battle with these elements as well .
think it 's time to stay away from levis .
although i do have a stupid story to share .
compact and beautiful skin with good build quality .
this truly was a great concept gone horribly wrong .
this is not a flimsy piece of plastic .
i guess you get what you pay for .
this phone case is well made and looks good .
buy a different bumper they are all much better .
ca fais cher pas mal pour un seul jeu .
all i wanted was a tang energy drink mix .
have owned this little radio a few years .
simple to use and easy to care for .
i use mason jars to store many food items .
i 'm not a huge fan of this flavor .
i started using these squeakers 1 day ago .
head is a little sticky on the pans .
the hang up button is nice and large .
best of all , this device is extremely sturdy .
that would definitely ruin the best of camping times .
it is dishwasher safe and it sharpens up nicely .
but i guess it 's still okay for use .
how do you make a battery this bad ? .
arrived fine with no damage and on time .
i might as well throw it in the trash .
the product description did not say not standard thread .
i ca n't say any bad about the case .
it stripped my skin and made me break out .
henckels 8-inch carving knife and i never use it .
buy this ! not found in my local stores .
i love the textured hand grips on the sides .
you are to pull an octagon off as needed .
cleans up easily with a damp paper towel .
also , i had trouble with the sides collapsing .
as others have mentioned it does collapse easily .
awesome for people that dont like touchscreens phones .
great knife that i added to our set .
perhaps you will have more patience than i .
this is the biggest advantage to owning these .
plugged in charger and it was 3/4 full .
awesome for cooking authentic meals in individual serving size .
this white cloth shoe is impossible to keep clean .
used it for the first time the other night .
kellogg is fighting against labeling of gmos in california .
then bake at 375 degrees for about 8 minutes .
i have a flat piece for my galaxy s3 .
i have always been a huge mega man fan .
i took off complex shadows from the options .
i guess you get what you pay for .
i also received a samsung stratosphere android cell phone .
slowly press plunger down and pour your coffee .
wish dansk would come back with their ceylon pattern .
these trays are meant to make fruit roll-ups on .
i just wish the battery would last longer .
some will like this and some will not .
i have several other extension cables of different lengths .
it makes it difficult to change the volume .
i use their full sized pillow all the time .
the 8 '' blade feels excellent in my hands .
maybe you want to get another color beside white .
could be amazon , or could be firefox issue .
try to get it on clearance at local stores .
the other issue i have is with the graphics .
i will not miss the added expense of bags .
i have the same problem list the other user .
had no real issues putting on the protector .
i am very pleased with this coffee maker .
great for carrying my id around campus with .
she has a scholarship to a private high school .
this product should be marketed to the chinese diaspora .
it actually makes the phone look more expensive .
i bought one of these back in 1998 .
apple has been doing that since first version .
the plastic piece included can be easily lost .
the stick are good , but most are broken .
it 's disappointing as i bought 3 of these .
i solved that by using a measuring cup .
my skin is not sensitive by any means .
the tines on this item are stiff and uncomfortable .
would give it zero stars if i could .
i have a kitchen drain that gets slow .
also chopped pecans and graham crackers with no effort .
plus the filling got all over the floor .
easy release surface also makes clean up faster .
i still supplement the charges while in the car .
2 stars for the taste and nothing else .
i remember when we first heard about that cheat .
in the pot , it measures about 175 degrees .
i think my nontechnical husband could even do it .
sized poorly , not good for a hand axe .
let 's hope that goblet of fire is better .
i noticed absolutely no results from taking this .
they do not fit like a typical nb .
dropped everything and put parts together to test it .
it will definitely break sooner rather than later .
this hangs on the pantry/closet inside the bathroom .
i could only have them if i bought 12 .
it definitely works better than those ionic type filters .
wish the handles lasted longer than 20 years though .
it effectively enhances my waves without the textural problem .
the color matches my mixer and its made well .
the new pump is loud and poor quality .
the 909 does n't have it.i like the 909 .
then place our prepared pizza on the pizza pan .
i thought i went back to the late 1990s .
to a year before the non-stick coating fails .
also minimizes the fingerprints left behind on your phone .
but beware that the odds are n't that great .
ca n't even feel it there after a minute .
i make muffins about 2-3 times a month .
so sweet it practically drowns out the strawberry flavor .
i ordered this for our new tile shower .
the handle however is not too comfy to hold .
much cheaper this way - prompt and reasonable shipping .
i hope this review helps for future purchases .
prior to that , i had the aliph jawbone .
rings can be used individually or together for use .
paired up immediately with the transmitter and my phone .
but the one cup it makes is lovely .
these sound great and everyone hears me well .
i wish i could get my money back ! .
about to try out a kitchenaid burr grinder .
this is an excellent pan at a great price .
one star because seller was quick and efficient .
i liked the way it ran really small .
minerals in this form do jack s**t for you .
the shoes have no support or motion control .
i see that this has a good rating overall .
this trackball is for someone with a big palm2 .
they have no volume and very little bass .
again , love the concept and i like it .
i think a baby might enjoy it better .
it 's a great idea- but fails in execution .
the item is overpriced for the quality and size .
wow they were some of the best hot dogs .
this is a nice case and works great .
would fall out and rendered the wrench useless .
it 's very powerful for such a little machine .
the one and two star reviews are really unfair .
the jabra bt3030 works perfectly for this application .
dig holes in the yard with the spoons .
indiglo on the second one died after 6 months .
easy to attach and sticks well a must have .
working during these cold winter days was a grind .
it is pretty , but the teas taste bad .
i bought two of these the first time .
i could n't see wearing these to work everyday .
it 's either cooking bacon or in the dishwasher .
we think it was a waste of money .
the image pictured did not match what was delivered .
even the best bacon will curl up on you .
these bags are great and very cute for favors .
so i decided to buy their 3.5 parer .
it depends on the size of your point-and-shoot camera .
she has a cool attitude and very optimistic .
i filed an a-z guarantee claim with amazon .
using it with samsung gs3 and other android devices .
i did not trim them as the instructions dictated .
charges quickly for my android ice cream sandwich .
i recomend it to whoever is looking for one .
we were so excited when we set this up .
it works perfectly ! i use it for roadtrips .
this is the best phone i ever had .
this is my second one of these teapots .
she likes that its matte and it 's anti-glare .
great pen and the weight is very nice .
moves a lot of air for a small fan .
seems fine to me.this is a tall coffee maker .
maybe it 's not meant for my skin type .
since its my favorite season of the year .
the patch is stored on the hard drive .
perhaps they would work for a tiny dog .
i have no need to use the switch .
this product arrived well packaged and appears as advertised .
after an hour on hold , i was connected .
the usb charge cutout is a bit off .
these are pretty nice for what they are .
stella deus is a tactical rpg from atlus .
i made banana nut bread two ways : 1 .
it does not really have much coffee flavor either .
sequels are n't usually as good as the originals .
the grate would never even reach the waste .
i like that these have such a good variety .
i returned it and bought a netgear rp614 .
very inexpensive necessity for your precious iphone screen .
they are sturdy and the nonstick aspect is great .
i am also happy with the build quality .
i would recommend this product to a friend .
convenient for two small portions or one large portion .
i played it once and that was enough .
you will never regret buying one of their products .
i have had no problems installing the cover .
the second issue is the the material itself .
i can see where the addictive qualities are .
keep in mind this is not your typical roaster .
we have several other kong products and love them .
filters are easy to remove and replace for cleaning .
you do n't want it in your yard either .
this hair product is not made for fine hair .
this tea has too many different things in it .
you can use code lek375 for a discount .
it has cut my ironing time in half .
i payed a great price for outstanding quality .
but the clasp started undoing itself within a year .
thumb and middle with the index over top ) .
and overall just not a well designed product .
there are better products out there for my money .
it uses rather cheap or thin plastic shell .
i wanted to start making my own organic cheese .
this product is great for glass top stoves .
for one , this product is built very cheap .
they did not stick to my phone at all .
great case , the green color is shimmery metallic .
the rubber shell is very easy to install .
we really like that about them.they are excellent .
the ka makes easy work out of such things .
actually running around and shooting is so incredibly boring .
the case itself is durable and protects the phone .
things are often very relative in the gaming world .
this silverware set is elegant and of good quality .
this is my 3rd farberware coffeepot in 30 years .
the sound quality and remote functionality were good .
this was afer 1 day of owning it .
the scent does not seem to radiate very far .
soda bottles , you will require 21 12 oz .
that is so unlike spiderman that it 's absurd .
you 're going to have a lot of powder .
this to me makes the phone easier to hold .
the problem for me was the stiff hard bristles .
i also use it for pommes anna , etc .
i wo n't be using this product ever again .
this product does work on the iphone 4s .
that thing is still going after 40+ years .
amazed at the quality especially for the price .
it also keeps other lunch items cold until lunchtime .
i imagine that it will loosen up over time .
the texture is not as smooth as their competitor .
we also do n't like seeing that as well .
i assumed it was cheap and had overheated .
and this works in the other direction too .
the speech recognition worked well for answering calls .
it works great at crushing ice and other items .
use it with a charger or back-up battery .
a hot air popper that really worked well .
the outfits would fit an infant or baby doll .
i will not be putting my intercooler back on .
there 's always a little bit of grounds left .
but i feel like it was a waste .
we bought this as we needed more stoppers .
i have many oxo products that i love .
now i have to go search for it .
we could not believe how many pieces this has .
it arrived very fast and was very inexpensive .
not a big deal but works really well .
it broke 2 weeks after we got it .
the reservoir is very small and impossible to clean .
i have dry , rather light olive toned skin .
it was the wrong size and it was late .
i highly recommend this versus any pod system .
the screen protector works well and easy to install .
pretty color too ! it really protects my phone .
i will definately purchase more in the future .
also my lo when learning to eat soft foods .
somehow he dropped it and did n't know it .
that makes slicing much easier on the hands .
this stylus is a good size and works well .
this phone case is excellent what can i say .
while this is in my ears it shocks me .
i also wish that you could buy seperate pots .
same reaction to both ports on my pc .
anyone looking for those wordings should avoid water,2 .
really works bring the fiz back to the soda .
i would have rather played mario just once .
wow , it has a neat and intuitive interface .
the product i want does n't seem to exist .
then she took a seat and tried spinning .
i 'm trying to follow a low inflammation diet .
this fork is great for working with non-stick pans .
now the bad news - it does n't work .
this item was broken right out of the box .
i was disappointed with this for dishes as shown .
also the decorative stitching started to fray right away .
the color selection is very limited and very light .
it was the least expensive and most functional .
this game could have a been a world better .
i find myself using the 12 incher more .
this is even if i clean it immediately .
i chalked this up to maybe changes in manufacturing .
i 'm not going to repeat the technical specifications .
maybe i have the wrong kind of wrinkles .
first i will say what i like about it .
the black cherry flavor was like drinking cough medicine .
definitely a must use tool in my knife arsenal .
i did n't get past reading the long directions .
i do n't like the way they look either .
i 've been using presto pressure cookers for years .
it 's a minor thing but kind of annoying .
i just removed the plastic wrapping around the lid .
i have taken hylauronic acid for a while .
this happened a few weeks into using this .
i think this is the darkest shade they have .
they 're very friendly to use and stay sharp .
it works well for small towels and rags .
i definitely recommend this it 's a great filter .
paid more and it does n't work as well .
it should be called mcp instead of mvp .
this pump is utterly useless for presta valves .
i bought another product and i love it .
ice cream turned out soft serve consistency as advertised .
the microphone has to be close to your mouth .
i have owned similar pans for 10 yrs .
i was holding out to get an android .
i have factory installed roof rails and aero-style crossbars .
best of all they are not getting rusty ! .
got a super deal at a warehouse store .
the clip is strong and made of metal .
one would think that would lock everything in well .
the color is more of a gold color .
i purchase cases for our companies fleet of iphones .
i just filled it with a handful of kibble .
here i found some clogged hair and lint .
actually takes nothing away from the great iphone design .
the sound quality of this headset is excellent .
this product works perfect with the holmes air purifier .
mediocre sound with too much high frequency response imho .
for classroom use , i enjoy it being large .
it slices like a charm with very little residue .
there is absolutely no bitterness nor unfavorable aftertaste .
it irritated my skin and i 'm pretty tough .
also heat food in the microwave with it .
holds vast quantities of strained foods or veggies .
i really thought this would be a great product .
sim city 4 on my computer is almost unplayable .
it cut through frozen ice cream and worked well .
it just keeps going and going and going .
i wanted to listen to audio books and podcasts .
but have a very short adjust ment range .
i personally do n't like to carry that way .
otterbox has never really disappointed me with the defender .
both ends of this cable have good connectors .
this is the third whirley-pop stovetop popcorn popper .
great for working in the yard or exercise .
definitely did n't take long for it to crack .
i have good luck with the smoked units .
the quality of the popped corn is ok .
i was able to receive it in 3 days .
a pumice stone will often work on rust deposits .
got this for my girlfriend as a present .
this product works great ! glad i got it .
the shield is to thick , disrupts the screen .
i like the liquid for these same reasons .
it worked out great and was a great size .
she went back and reread the installation instructions .
one of the songs also says thank you once .
i got this for my blackberry and loved it .
when we first got it , it worked great .
plus the noise this thing emits is highly irritating .
you can not even shoot when you want to .
the suction is very powerful as others have said .
just what i 've come to expect from boxwave .
i do n't like anywhere near this much vinegar .
below are my thoughts on the jabra stone2.positives1 .
this lead me to seidio innocase ii + holster .
yet it charges the ipod without any problems .
30 year old cuisinart needed a new bowl .
i live in the mountains of north ga .
you can tighten it if it comes loose .
the 3-pack of filters are affordable and work well .
but decided to take the jump and get one .
the steel is of utmost quality and sharpness .
mine is the '08 electronic version from williams sonoma .
this review is based on the new replacement .
never again will i get one of these products .
it will keep the phone safe for sure .
these were very nice when i first got them .
the grease catcher is very useful and perfectly built .
my issue with this brewer is the filter .
i can stir and grind at the same time .
i have an iphone 4 and this works great .
i will update if i run into any problems .
privide that information i 'd give it 5 stars .
this is something that i used almost daily .
this kibble did not do well for her .
it was a clear winner with my son .
i am not new to the mmorpg scene .
i use these for leftovers and they are great .
i received no noticeable effect from the product .
the sad little fan had breathed its last .
even hot soapy water did n't fix the problem .
i mean , the plastic literally snapped in two .
it works well and i am not disappointed .
in addition the colors were rich and vibrant .
we tried antibiotics before this with no results .
i purchased these batteries less than two years ago .
we love using this large pryex size measuring cup .
when washing , or adjusting the hinges bop out .
do not buy even if it for $ 1 .
recently i lent it to someone and it broke .
i wish i had read the one-star reviews .
this thing will just frustrate you and fall apart .
the negative : this set seems a bit pricey .
just this shape will win you rave reviews .
when used regularly my pocket knife stays razor sharp .
they cut well and are easy to clean .
however , they have a 30 day return policy .
it jumps all over the place and disappears .
worked great for the time we used it .
they never fell off or faded in color .
croix with a zipper pull completely broken off .
i could probably give you an acurate review .
the display photo did not display the jack either .
so it sits there brand new and unused .
the ticking can be heard outside the room .
it 's big and has lots of snag points .
it does not feel cheaply made at all .
when recording it will record the audio w/o video .
this screen protector is a definite recommendation to others .
the berries taste imitation , in a sweet-sticky way .
classic example of getting what you pay for .
this is made out of very cheap plastic .
delicious.i ordered a second one for my sister .
i have not had any burning of the corn .
it gets 2 stars for having lasted so long .
pitcher fits nicely in the door of the fridge .
i ordered the 75-822 in may of 2006 .
it allows using non-docking portable audio or video device .
a simple ball would have been a better choice .
have one for butter and one for margarine .
this phone case is so cute and shiny .
ok so whats the big deal you ask .
so i wanted to start using this duster .
i had read similar reviews and ignored them .
save your money and find something similiar local .
vollrath is a leading manufacturer of kitchen supplies .
i have already patched all three pairs twice .
everything works spectacularly.many reviews said the bowls were flimsy .
this product is actually better than i had anticipated .
however , i am so glad i have it .
this is the third time i edit this review .
the touch is easier to use than this .
i have used the grinder to grind some pork .
samsung ear phones are pretty much junk and useless .
so i had a very dull gel-coat issue .
too bad - as i really love the style .
i brushed it , rolled it with sticky roller .
once installed , it feels very solid and secure .
just like the ones you recieve with the phone .
save your money and get an ice pack .
this item arrived very quickly & in great condition .
in jacket weather this should n't be a problem .
not the quality you would expect from hanes .
it just looks sexy on my white iphone 4s .
my unused tube is going into the trash .
this waffle maker is perfect for norwegian waffles .
no problem.overall size is easier to handle and control .
this popcorn popper is supposed to cook 8 cups .
it is great- better features- than previous ones .
this is the last shakespeare i ever buy .
and sometimes local dairy milk goes through problem times .
i was able to tune chicago stations with ease .
the engine basically only works on brand new batteries .
its slick looking and can holds food warm .
a very cute product but it did n't work .
they do n't put it in a shipping box .
it might be worth a shot for others though .
it is hard and dug into my spine .
i just wish that there were actual wood pieces .
it literally came dirty and the bag ripped .
it did n't even make it through one summer .
i contacted amazon and instructed on how to return .
my kids and husband love these vintage phone cases .
one week=1 blade.gillette must really think we 're stupid .
a few pumps and the mister is ready .
but you do lose control of your information .
but i do dump the first to fills anyway .
although they are also slightly lower protein as well .
i think they call that false advertisement : ( .
i have tried many headphones for talking over skype .
there was no click or anything like that .
i will just go the el~cheepo microwave route .
have it displayed on a shelf in my dinningroom .
by the way this one sold by amazon llc .
after a month i still waiting for my package .
this is the first burr grinder i have owned .
one lasted only a few days at best .
it is large enough but not over sized .
the crumb tray is easily accessible from the front .
if you want good brush , go with ecotools .
makes them fun to pull out of your purse .
loved this product ! made my phone more sophisticated .
i bought this product to clear out my skin .
the water filter gives coffee a better taste ! .
but for food i expect a safety seal .
while it shaves good , there are two problems .
i have had nothing but trouble with it .
my signal strength without the booster is about 95dbm .
open the side compartment , easy- just turn knob .
bake at 350 degrees fahrenheit for 8-10 minutes .
i no longer have a use for it .
i have to admit i missed this feature .
this case is solid , lightweight and fairly slim .
you could also use this for whole spices .
doing so from the web is also very fast .
these broke the first time i used them .
this headset is impressive though considerably larger because .
the camera is fantastic as is the video recorder .
i was able to install it using another method .
lightweight and can be taken apart to use separately .
it works great and sure helps my arthritic hands .
i like having a clear view recipe box .
as everyone says , silpat is a great product .
my little handheld shark vacdoes a better job .
too much flour for the amount of eggs .
way too small for what i needed them for .
and love the flashlight / laser light feature ! .
there 's nothing like having a 4g android phone .
i thought i was getting a metal case .
it fits nicely on our small kitchen counter .
there was even one long scratch on one side .
this steamer is everything i hoped it would be .
we have seem almost all of it before .
a piece of frozen fruit broke the motor .
clean up on these calphalon pans is a snap .
the temperature for cooking and toasting items is perfect .
this is the dirty little secret of the morphie .
this is the worst can opener i ever purchased .
these are worth the money and very high quality .
then the second one did the same thing .
quality of product is good and works great .
they would be terrific if the lids/containers were level .
all lights were on but motor was n't running .
four 200mg advil will completely knock out my migraines .
got the new york standard and ls to fit .
absolutely nothing sticks out in these hub worlds .
looks cute and seems to be made good .
seems the door opened itself during the brewing cycle .
get the freezer bowl out of the freezer .
first wash the bandana began to unravel by itself .
and this was well before the expiration date .
very attractive small clear sugar bowl with matching lid .
i wanted a good unit with good reliability .
they are meant as a guide for the max .
the door is heavy and closes very fast .
both pair well and fit like a glove .
it works fine and the price was right .
i called customer service after multiple emails went unanswered .
i use it to store off season clothes mainly .
but what they need is a padded collar .
it does exactly what i want it to do .
i tried the xl and it was too big .
they held a zero okay but are completely pathetic .
the belt went on my vacuum without issues .
there are no abrupt corners and curves at all .
totally not worth the price on amazon either .
i was so disappointed when i got it .
this is a good cover for your phone .
i got this on sale on black friday .
i expect them to do everything without problems .
my first issue is that it goes on oily .
this is a very large stone and quite hefty .
there 's no way i will re-order this ever .
appetite returned when i stopped giving it to them .
this garage was very difficult to put together .
it does not make my hair soft at all .
hopefully no issues with amazon taking it back .
a well made pot , for the great price .
i will order more of this in the future .
ill update on how easy that process goes .
our att data card gets a 5-bars signal also .
i expect this one to be used for years .
had to use fish wire to hold it flat .
i also took a good look at the parts .
really my hair seems indifferent to the stuff .
this never ever happen to ps2 or gamecube .
90 % of the game is actually movie sequences .
save your money and buy some songs from itunes .
pour milk into coffee cup or other microwavable container .
the headphones are a great idea but need work .
otherwise , anything that grills will cause some smoke .
my cat does n't even notice the whole thing .
for me one backup is more than enough .
i set my 2 boxes aside and ordered timothys .
you have so much more potential than this .
does what it says and are what is described .
however , the bag was ripped in 3 places .
making the ice cream is very labor intensive .
this lack flavor and is slightly gritty in texture .
ecws sleeping bag system for a better design .
if you enjoy it , you have mental problems .
i am thoroughly satisfied with this purchase and .
customer reviews seemed good so i ordered- hate it .
i 'm a huge fan of this wireless thermometer .
i purchased this watch after wanting a g-shock .
the luscious orange flavor was only hinted at .
these bodums beat any of our previous teapots .
for the price though you really cant complain ! .
no power at all no matter what angle .
in fact it looks just as good without them .
their products are also chinese , but high quality .
my reason is the height of the ankle .
the front one is still intact to this day .
for me it was a total waste of money .
you have to add on 100 for wireless internet .
the product fits poorly and is extremely poorly made .
this was supposed to be a new item .
btw , plastic is thinner than my old one .
purchased the fluval e300 for my 90 gallon aquarium .
see if linksys says this for their befw11s4 .
it has two places where you can tighten it .
so , i decided to look for a stovetop .
all information describes netgear 's original model the mr814 .
too bad this product did not work at all .
just remember to leave to ring off the jar .
i have a feeling it will be great .
i would not advise purchasing the cuisinart csk150 .
there is a major flaw in this product .
she wanted to learn how to make cheesecake .
its simple and tasteful and was a steal .
we love melissa & doug in our house .
all without having to sharpen them before every use .
you need a charger every where you go .
i bought these without first doing some research .
it worked perfectly fine for about two months .
now it is completely dead and will not charge .
i buy whole beans from peets , 16oz bags .
online it looks more like a baby/robins egg blue .
i received this for christmas from my daughter .
after reading the reviews here , i am perplexed .
i think that i expected a little more durability .
i then went through setting up a secure connection .
it is really sharp and cuts very well .
only trouble is trying to get burnt stains out .
and they have ironed-on tag that are very scratchy .
sexy no ! and they are so cheap looking .
it works perfectly with my phone no problems .
this product works like it is suppose to .
the last one was a disaster with multiple bubbles .
your character has no real importance in the galaxy.6 .
my cat uses it as a heat/night lamp .
i just ordered an apple sync cable instead .
unachievable achievements meaning there not unlockable not very fun .
probably wo n't be ordering these in the future .
for the normal price , that works for me .
i just put the meat on , and listen .
there is nothing between your foot and the snow.2 .
it is small which is what i wanted .
it could drop my blood sugar like a rock .
hopefully it will straighten out fully after a while .
it is small and has a modern look .
try not to spray it directly onto your monitor .
does not deserve the rating in velo magazine .
directions are also controlled with the left stick .
it comes with convenient finess and cups control .
they brought the pressure cooker back to working order .
i have never had this happen to me .
i smelt weird and my legs were shiny .
shipping would near double the price of this item .
it was downright torturous on a 100km ride .
lasts up to 12-24 hr cycles depending on use .
i found it close to impossible to complete missions .
but the mb520 seemed like a good phone .
i had a good basic swiss diamond fry pan .
i purchased this phone to replace my old phone .
fell apart within a month of normal use .
this spatula is great for just about everything .
it has a potent aftertaste and a grainy texture .
she had to pull it out to adjust .
the parts do not fit properly to begin with .
it gains about 2 minutes every 5-6 days .
it has been in use for many years now .
the card ca n't be read by the phone .
i 've played through at least 4 of those .
cuisinart is louder and has a high pitched whine .
sometimes the scheduler runs and sometimes it does n't .
they are the best i have used so far .
this way i can stay true to the receipe .
i have also experienced difficulty getting the lid on .
i purchased the simpletech external hard drive injanuary 2006 .
i use these tiles alongside my square pizza/bread stone .
it allows room for charging cords and headphone cords .
why is that a good thing ? no idea .
i do wish it was easier to clean .
it was a doddle and fell out easily .
it made the board look a lot better imo .
lasted a long time and has since been retired .
i do n't like it for that reason alone .
i tried all the suggestions to no avail .
the bluetooth signal cuts out all the time .
overall not happy at all with this product .
and i like them all because of quality .
a gift someone usually does not buy for themselves .
if it did it was marginal at best .
the instructions and tasks to be done are simple .
the unit spins around constantly on the counter top .
and some yellow fluff that got peed on instantly .
i received this bra and was very disappointed .
the flax seeds themselves were fine , top quality .
i use an extension cord to make it easier .
most everyone is switiching over to the e-readers .
it just feels unnatural eating a triangular egg .
the levels are also different from one another visually .
perfect length for a scion and my phone mount .
i 'll post two photos to show what happened .
will buy another otter box for my phone .
anxious to see how it works next year .
i am a repeat customer of this product .
any chef or gourmand should be using them .
you pretty much die the moment you get hit .
for this type of knife the price is great .
on the galaxy 89 dbm gives me 3 bars .
bottle is good for i think 5-6 washes .
it sets up and folds up and stores easily .
it works perfectly and is an ok length .
i bought this for my rossi m877 .357 revolver .
i had it for a couple if years .
she like to talk to people on xbox live .
the size measurements provided are a bit disingenuous .
not nice especially when talking about your nether region .
i purchased this cookware set about 1 year ago .
it is also the most healthy way to cook .
not at all ; others have already said plenty .
different when you receive it in the mail .
i have never been great with a rolling pin .
it 's way high in sugar for my tastes .
if you drive the highway this one works well .
this is flimsy , made of very soft aluminum .
the two handles are very comfortable in the hand .
update 8/22/08 - this mixer still works beautifully .
watch out for the sharp blades when cleaning/removing ! .
horrible servers with many stupid people on the game .
nice and light , stays in the ear well .
funnel fits in bottle and filters out stuff .
i get a lot of compliments on it .
well , the reviews were mixed on this item .
they are made of aluminum with rolled over edges .
it is very well fitted to the phone .
this thing brews in the magical 195-205f range .
i paid over $ 400 for this set originally .
the 26 is sometimes used for legal concealed carry .
italian ground is much smaller than american ground .
i have mixed pudding and other things with it .
the main ingredients are egg , capsacian and garlic .
using a towel-covered counter just did n't do it .
the design of the glasses is very modern .
but maybe that is too much like an android .
p e r f e c t find .
the manual is easy to read and understand.7 .
i had some great jerky in about 5 hours .
plastic shoes hurt and are made with toxic chemicals .
i had to take it off my phone .
but they have exacuted them very well lately .
the feather blades are maybe the sharpest out there .
it does peel a lot thicker than i wanted .
the electric peeler makes it easier on them .
my only complaint would be the battery life .
i followed directions and i am also a cosmetologist .
it 's stylish and looks great on your desk .
their are earpieces and over the head options .
received on time and it was packaged well .
i even bought other colors to change it up .
all of the exciting parts seem muted and dull .
it 's dependable and it makes absolutely perfect waffles .
too bad burt 's bees sold out to clorox .
however it still does a very good job .
sting of the stevia coating your entire tongue .
sure beats using hard tap water for shaving .
i found this product very difficult to install .
i would recommend this to anyone with an iphone .
the weight of the canner is pretty significant .
palm made some of the highest quality products .
i do n't like the overly strong rose smell .
i was really hoping to like this product .
please save your money and buy something better .
great to have at the grill or oven .
it looks good and it 's not over priced .
my kids lost interest in it by them anyway .
this works very well under extremely limited conditions .
this is a very large and impressively deep pan .
harmonica has dead spots and does n't work properly .
the tan it gave was also not very noticeable .
again , this is held on by double-sided tape.4 .
i even liked advent children a little bit .
fits it like a glove , nice and snug .
i will not be buying another mophie case .
i have never had a single problem using it .
i wash it in dishwasher and no problems .
i have not had any problems with this device .
air seeps in and causes the product to congeal .
it produces a beautiful cake that pops out easily .
imagine if someone was standing in front of it .
it works equally well in both landscape and portrait .
but this l'oreal is not one of them .
also though i have had no side effects either .
i definitely recommend for easy to moderate use .
sometimes it recognizes peripherals and other times not .
i would not waste my money on it again .
it was actually lighter then what i expected .
also she states the mug is handy and durable .
for this , otherwise i would be extremely unhappy .
the 360 has a great library of games .
definitely a good addition to my kitchen utensils .
it all makes me dubious about these miracle reviews .
i have the 5 quart & it fit fine .
the photo is not representative of its actual size .
i ca n't open a wine bottle for anything .
it is the perfect case for anyone like me .
spend the extra $ 5+ and get something better .
very dissapointed and afraid to buy anything thru amazon .
i have 5 dogs and foster when needed .
when charging , it makes a loud buzzing noise .
i 've purchased this after seeing the past reviews .
all my controllers that use 9v seem to stink .
did n't realize they were coming from hong kong .
we use this to bake pizza and cookies .
i purchased this slicer less than a year ago .
handy to have around for smart phones too .
the description and photos need to be more accurate .
maybe i can sell it used on ebay .
it arrived in perfect shape and on time .
the camera has almost every function you would expect .
its a nice price for a new cord .
this is nice healthy way to prepare a snack .
i own several 3.5ch helis and a 4ch v911 .
actually , i am on my second defender case .
bought this to cut memory foam into pieces .
no need to spend the $ 30 on this .
tastes great , high in fiber and nut protein .
this did case did not hold up very well .
i was very happy to find this item .
this band works well for my droid bionic .
there is nothing good about transformers the video game .
use non-stick spray and heat it up it chirps .
so , big disappointment here and returned to amazon .
d-mannose is great for human and animal utis .
we are very dissatisfied with the new design .
i wash only the glass in the dishwasher .
we bought this at local kitchen boutique shop .
in other words , you need to be clairvoyant .
it gets yucky after a period of time .
i just got back to canning since retirement .
there is no way to calibrate the heater .
it is a little bulky compared to motorola .
evenly cooks on top of my gas stove .
we use the oven mostly for reheating and melting .
for them this would be an excellent product .
it was barely welded on there at all .
all in all , a great product to have .
this product tended to aggravate my sensitive skin .
buying this product was a waste of money .
this toy lasted great for the first few months .
this set is perfect for any toaster oven .
i bought this cage for my two rats .
i received it today and am sending this back .
this product does not do what it claims .
made sausage for the first time , last night .
my 2 year old loved these for her birthday .
all were 7 or 11 cup or mini 's .
all of them hang during certain text messaging operations .
it only lasted ~ 2 weeks before breaking apart .
i first heard of rhodiola rosea from dr .
this is just bad design , plain and simple.5 .
i have not had any problems with this brand .
ever.i measure things and then shake to mix .
but perhaps that is why it is so cheap .
it is what it is , factory oem battery .
you can use these sub-weapons by collecting hearts .
camera is small , light and easy to handle .
it 's heavy duty and washes in the dishwasher .
for being used and abused the fryer worked great .
this product makes it much safer to drive .
the system does not accommodate runny poop well .
this is a poor excuse for a cage .
usually the yolks come out a little done .
i will never cheat , so that is that .
i had to return it back after two days .
after a set time the speaker turns itself off .
then call of duty 2 for xbox 360 .
saves lots of time when making stews , etc .
saw some reviews saying this was good for quinoa .
i tried cleaning before applying to no avail .
i bought this and put it on the phone .
i do n't care for the vent mount though .
these are the pluses.the negatives soon became apparent .
this product is great for about 1-2 years .
this was refered to me by a family member .
my husband and son use it all the time .
the dial tone and key sounds come through fine .
the biggest problem i have is the skipping .
now i have this and i love it .
i highly recommend the benriner jananese mandoline slicer .
i still need to try the frozen yogurt .
i will give them a call on monday morning .
i do n't have any shrinkage or cuticle lifting .
still , out of the box assembly takes seconds .
they could have been put to much better use .
one can never have enough choices for ones phone .
this toy was basically a huge waste of money .
they seem to have forgotten about quality control .
lamb chops/burgers and buffalo burgers come out perfect .
i love banana pudding , but this is gross .
this product does what it is suppose to do .
plus it comes in a convenient storage container .
its impossible to buy bad stuff from oxo .
on the positive - their label is cute ! .
the urine leaks through the backing of the pad .
i tried the shampoo and the oil treatment .
wax was extremely hard and difficult to mold .
discovered that the mugs are imported from china .
thought i would make it more than i do .
thought no problem i got a warranty right .
this set is an excellent value for quality pans .
it heats very unevenly and is hard to clean .
all 3 days having headache and light dizziness .
definitely a good and handy tool for the kitchen .
my results are still in the osteopenia classification .
you ca n't switch tips without changing the bag .
thats all i have to say for this product .
the comfort is the absolute best i have tried .
it brews very quickly and is of good quality .
i wish i had one for my new phon .
i took it off and applied a second protector .
just be aware when purchasing through their prime service .
so they are a huge win on this count .
make sure you select the correct earplug that fit .
what a joy ! good coffee and quickly made .
i love what the company zuke 's stands for .
very simple design and easy to wash after use .
both work equally well after using for 10 days .
the case fits my sprint iphone 4s perfect .
it 's a battery at a very reasonable price .
i did and they sent me the wrong parts.bsn .
you can set it to go on later .
we purchased this in bulk for a camping trip .
however , the comfort level is way way low .
upped to 4 stars for the steel pot .
slowly my hair would just become a flat mass .
have used these filters for years without any problems .
that said the sound in these headsets were amazing .
price was half of what it goes for locally .
what a waste of money and potable water .
this is a good product just as described .
this is a extra nice set of baking pans .
so i 'm moving it up to two stars .
what isnt to love about these fun baskets .
even a regular old tonka truck would be better .
they were expecting fun and found only frustration .
all the required holes are there except the dock .
i have been using suave product for a while .
additionally , this toy is practically devoid of paint .
it is stable and the bottles are secure .
it heats up what i put in quickly .
it reminded me of a severally bad tooth brush .
even chopped block chocolate melts and mixes without issue .
a serious must have with an evo user .
it 's so cute and easy to put on .
these measuring cups are very sturdy and heavy duty .
this gives me about one and half charges .
i am very pleased with this product so far .
it has a confirmed serious memory leak problem .
i have bought all 3 from salton directly .
that got me another serious runaround and no answer .
i should have read the reviews more carefully .
harder to use than the old fashioned glass/mercury thermometers .
i regularly make homemade buttermilk biscuits from scratch .
i ca n't find a link here on amazon .
definitely more suitable for professional use and not household .
great for under a kitchen sink or pantry .
i only have one pan and its this one .
wonder now why we did n't get it sooner .
somehow i found it very bland and boring .
although i mix my drinks with almond milk .
amazon remains my favored place for internet purchases ] .
those little microbes put out a lot of co2 .
i did really enjoy it when i had it .
it was broken straight out of the box .
the concept is great but this product is bad .
i use the thinker bacon and it is perfect .
i only handwash it with warm soapy water .
ordered two extra for my sons double eagle g36 .
this battery promised much more than it could deliver .
i use this four or five times a week .
and the lid fits great and does not leak .
they have the same shapes , lettering and markings .
i have been disappointed with it across the board .
kinda defeats the benefits of straining gravy liquids .
then there are a bunch of wooden robots .
a big plus , especially in the summer time.4 .
this oxo good grips 11-inch balloon whisk is great .
it cut smoothly leaving very little crust around .
releasing this thing was a great idea , linksys/cisco .
i bought this one first since it was cheap .
but this apple corer/divider was a waste of money .
you have to continually prove you own the game .
this stylus pack of 10 is really a bargain .
works well as a pen and as a stylus .
goes on too greasy makes all my makeup run .
however the corelle plates and bowls stack extremely efficiently .
i thought this would be amazing but no .
omg , this thing is a humming night mare .
recomend all pie makers tom get this item.great product .
there 's a steel included as wellwhich is essential .
not the cheap light plastic you usually see .
very pleased with amazon 's answer to my complaint .
i found those to be better amazon products .
i tested this at first with my infrared themometer .
i wish these pre filters would last longer .
access to any type of e-mail including exchange support9 .
so that will definitely be my last order .
no gaps in the waist and no saggy butt .
i purchased this yogurt machine a few days ago .
i sprayed it on toys and it did nothing .
the box it was shipped in was n't wet .
with this pastamaker this was an issue no more .
still stinks and off to the trash it goes .
it 's sculpted to fit nicely into cup holders .
did a full power down and power up .
i guess i will stick with whey protein .
this was not a problem on the optimus v .
i hope the love affair lasts for awhile .
i think i have my $ 8 worth though .
my lid will not seal to the jar .
i was still really hungry after eating it .
but its not a deal breaker for me .
i would gladly recommend this to anyone i know .
this newer model has ropes that are much shorter .
i tried really hard to get these to work .
like the beaks and legs of a chicken .
i bought these to hang my hummingbird suncatchers on .
fits well over the top of a blender jar3 .
ca n't really figure out how to use this .
this is when it is fully charged too .
just the right size for 2 to 3 servings .
my favorites are made by perlier and elaria .
there 's really little to praise about the headphones .
these did not fit on the stomp rocket .
the only thing that has changed is the food .
sort of in between the two to my eye .
i tried doctoring it up with no results .
the juicer tear through everything like it was nothing .
this seemed to give little or no benefit .
no wonder it did n't hold down the machine .
i still tried it with a difference mic .
i have a yorkie poo who loves it .
now i must look into sending them back .
the header card in the package says so .
the on / off switch was not reliable .
great for the price- 40 cents per shield .
i finally donated it to the thrift store .
i like these for my food cabinet actually .
on that note , this is a clear winner .
i have a bulldog that 's a heavy chewer .
i do not recommend this product to anyone .
if you love popcorn , i recommend this popper .
avoid digital purchases from amazon.com like the plague .
the case itself is great - the hard casing .
the iphone goes inside and the pieces click together .
i lost my paring knife in a divorce .
you can clearly see the live ones moving around .
these little hooks are very sturdy and heavy duty .
i know its not for protection but geez .
the sides come off with in a few hours .
all i get now is a blinking standby/on button .
this is my first purchase of dickies t-shirts .
i love the added sizes and the sturdy handles .
i have dandruff and itchiness caused from oily scalp .
this is a very nicely made bundt pan .
i bought it at sephora and was so disappointed .
i just use my phone to adjust the volume .
has not tipped loaded up with jackets and coats .
a waste of money and i never used it .
i wrapped tape around it to keep it open .
norse have the best units and just rock .
this jewelry organizer has been a veritable godsend .
things that look different but serve the same purpose .
however , in august 2012 the unit failed spectacularly .
i got this to replace ad-link gigabit switchswitch .
i like oxo products because of the rubber grips .
i am looking forward to using this appliance .
i bought three pairs of millers forge scissors .
until the week i lent it to some relatives .
the home button works just as easily as ever .
the delivery guy handed off the box to me .
generally i do not have problems in that area .
i bought this to use it with p.o.s .
competing products are bad because they sound awful.no case .
never again will i but a handbag from amazon .
he has a really deep voice.aside from that .
i had to buy a different kind of boot .
thanks little tikes for such a horrible product ! .
and what kid does n't like to pound stuff .
i bought the 5x screen protectors for iphone .
this could possibly be due to my htc phone .
just lift the seal washer to get to it .
it charges just as good as the iphone dock .
not sure that it 's worth the cost though .
i hope this review helps you with your decisions .
it 's completely straight and not curved at all .
the knife looks great and so does the sheath .
it is well worth the price for it .
glad i did not spend much on this mask .
we seasoned it well and it has not disappointed .
i got stuck for the postage on return .
i particularly am into jasmine rice these days .
they 're more of a hassle than a benefit .
these pants do not fit a mature body .
i used the small coffee press at first .
this durable protective case works great for my phone .
a little less than a day using wi-fi .
and its cooks at exactly the right temperature .
it really gets the dirt and pet hair .
we would n't have purchased this had we known .
bland kind of heavy dry texture but crunchy .
it was still too much and caused pain .
i love the nice all-over stainless steel design .
guess what ? it was made in the usa .
thule specifies a distance of at least 24 inches .
and it 's perfect for straining broth or gravies .
by anyone 's standards i have a well-stocked kitchen .
before you dismiss my review , hear me out .
there was not any obvious damage from shipping .
got this as a backup for my car .
did n't want to stay connected to the phone .
ordering them online is a huge waste of time .
more than twice as long as the standard batteries .
maybe they should offer a larger sized unit .
i recommend this product highly , and without reservation .
the otterbox would have completely saved his phone .
there was no sound because the battery was dead .
these earbuds were priced right and offer good sound .
it 's a heavy formula that stinks really bad .
the crosspin will not correctly fit this weapon .
my wife and i independently taste-tested this product .
people were talking about how amazing they would be .
we sent it back and purchased a smaller one .
a great product that inspires us to eat healthier .
it wipes clean with a dry paper towel .
i do n't know why people complain about it .
i did my research and decided to buy this .
purchased on a whim and i am so glad .
semi ripping the cord out in the process .
felt like my teeth were going to break .
too bad it was too late to return .
i do like the holder that comes with it .
very difficult to completely rinse out of sponge .
absolutely demolishes your tastebuds for quite some time .
i really like the way they make the cables .
this device has serious functional and aesthetic flaws .
wish you had some for the galaxy note 2 .
seems to me a $ 1.70 down the drain .
just four loose generic filters wrapped in shrinkwrap .
i never bake a cake without parchment paper .
silent hill 5 and remake arent any good either .
i opened 3 and was able to return 2 .
i would not recommend it for aggressive chewers .
so we stepped up to a vita-mix blender .
of the five , peppermint is my least favorite .
buying this grill helped tremendously in that area .
an incredible game ruined by an incredible glitch .
they 're simple plastic measuring spoons that measure stuff .
never use drip maker grinds or espresso grinds .
i was given this exact one for christmas .
it never grinds anything harder than frozen coffee beans .
this is perfect for organizing cutlery/utenstils in kitchen drawers .
at that point i was impressed and most pleased .
a great deal of sauce and hardly any meat .
i have tried various sharping tools through the years .
moved on to angel eyes which works great .
all are fine quality and well worth the money .
support excellence in gaming and save your money .
i 've had a couple of these for years .
i have been an igo user for many years .
they are not heavily textured like other pans .
for home use that method is a bit awkward .
they work fine and last a long time .
have used it for maybe a dozen trips .
stupid of me to think this would work .
nice thin and sturdy blade for easy turning .
keep in my pack when out fishing or hunting .
just what i needed to keep stuff dry .
my girlfriend and i have used my different lubes .
use pot holders to remove anything from a microwave .
i tried two different pair of the brown .
looks pretty but the construction/design and quality are questionable .
but this wireless bridge was always acting up .
the flat whisk fits the utensils drawer well .
for some reason the game had a jazz-like soundtrack .
wmf puts out some very high quality items .
it is the perfect addition to any kitchen .
i love my little hot pot from rival .
fine if using a cup.waste of money for me .
popped it right in and charged it right up .
made in taiwan if it matters to anyone .
the headphone jack dies after about a year .
this press makes garlic an option for everything .
there is no replacement battery with more juice .
the price is right and it does the job .
i find myself using speaker mode more frequently .
amazon need to frustration free package this item .
it has not fade the stretch marks either .
but the quality is out of this world high .
the phone does not turn on any longer .
i 'm going to make this short and sweet .
i will give it 2 stars for this .
i wo n't say however that it tastes bad .
easy to charge using your 30 pin iphone charger .
i have also used it to fry ground beef .
the only drawback was the unnecessarily difficult lid .
wish i could try them on in a store .
i bought this to grind whole flax seeds .
they need to change the tie on it .
i guess i will have to keep looking ! .
i love the grippy handle and the huge wheel .
this is a tiny wisk and very expensive .
buttttttttttt , it rally has done nothing for me .
overall though they are perfect for our desks .
makes it useless when cutter cuts skin.another amazon scam .
so people can see your underwear , or worse .
buy this pan - you wo n't be sorry .
and of course it would be impossible to draw .
used it approximately eight times at various locations .
my only complaint is the cord is very short .
ended up having to buy a new chain .
it 's got some heft to it as well .
the price was great , and it came promptly .
these filters are what makes chemex coffee better .
so why would anyone pay over 200 bucks .
i use it to also charge my kindle fire .
the rope was the first part to be destroyed .
this little device is so easy to use .
i think they make this junk on purpose .
i tried applying more and i looked orange .
it works , it looks good and thats that .
so sad to have to give this report .
wish i had found this knife years ago ! .
i ckecked to see what size i should order .
they are heat and dishwasher safe and work great .
i thought for the price this would be good .
i love a good santuko knife for their versatility .
on nature made i feel noticeable effects in mood .
pairing was very easy with my iphone 4 .
i use the 2.1a usb charger for samsung s3 .
it looks expensive even though the cost is great .
this transforms you into a mobile bodum advertising unit .
according to the motorola website you want the bk71 .
off to find a different one that works .
sorry , but this stuff smells nothing like lavender .
i have two myself that i use frequently .
we ca n't get enough of these pyrex dishes .
they have worked great for over a month now .
the best one out there that i know of .
the npcs do not show much life either .
for more reviews check out pimples and wrinkles online .
the rest of the soundtrack was largely forgettable .
it took all day to do exactly nothing .
i use it nearly every day for tea/coffee .
i 'm pretty satisfied with this grinder so far .
this nes game is nothing like the movie .
but this phone was a huge let down .
i bought it primarily for use while driving .
i remember these games being so much better .
the vitamix is easy to use and well made .
i obviously needed to go down a size .
i got lucky and did n't purchase this myself .
weld and applied it carefully to the handle .
i suspected everything from my food to the supplements .
it worked great keeping the flies off the food .
as i said , buy these while you can .
it cleans well and is easy to use .
i think tiffen never presents this type of problem .
it arrived sooner than expected and arrived as described .
i used to buy tortillas in the store .
amazon reminds me i bought this unit in 2006 .
there is some serious magnet power in this rack .
the ai leaders act predictably hostile and uncooperative .
i bought this unit as a second humidifier .
this has virtually no healing powers at all .
do n't waste your time with lab made things .
it smelled burnt as soon as it was brewed .
so uncomfortable they went back within minutes of opening .
one use and in the garbage can it goes .
it is a winner and keeper for now .
i hate playing this one with the kids .
received this toy for my son 's 1st birthday .
it also leaves unsightly residue on the hair .
i 've never had a mortar and pestle before .
i just keep them charged all the time .
it also only worked for a couple of months .
i contacted the seller and i had no response .
it was appreciated by him and well used .
this was within a couple weeks of getting it .
probably the best and cheapest bluetooth headset out there .
to say i was heartbroken was an understatement .
long eyelashes are attractive but not that important .
overall , i am satisfied with this coffee maker .
i bought these for four bucks each at petsmart .
they worked pretty well , no problems at all .
it has silicone seals that keep the air out .
the cans are a little dull and bassy sounding .
2x zoom very faster to start and fold back .
if not , stick with the leader optimus prime .
it replaced the carafe for our wgp coffeemaker ! .
the bottle should never be covered up like that .
only got it because the other was unavailable .
and the oldest is still going after 6 years .
makes it a no-brainer for those intense canning days .
i recommend this item to anyone who likes poached .
matches work fine - box is weak and annoying .
using them with a mobile phone is easy .
will try to return when i come from europe .
i does exactly what it 's meant to do .
these ear buds fell apart upon first use .
roughly 6 inches square and 5 inches high .
tha 's when i took it into the shop .
this is a nice , reasonably priced ice bucket .
boiling water and you 'll feel just like new .
the shipping was prompt and the packaging was sufficient .
hope to get it worked out for future loaves .
the maps are so bad as to be humorous .
can double as a syrup pitcher on pancake day .
you are better off using a punch sent .
it takes 5 * indeed regarding it 's quality .
i have some medium and some high quality knives .
she ran under the table shaking and petrified .
this product is a complete failure in my opinion .
as long as its apple its all good .
i got the product much quicker than i anticipated .
i do n't recommend you to buy this item .
but i got to hand it to ya .
almost reminds me of sewer shark for sega cd .
out of the box there was a hairline crack .
see my review for the cobalt fiesta tumbler .
i am not a fan of these games .
that was annoying and with headphones on especially annoying .
this is not a headphone/ earphone , per se .
but he was not a fan of this toy .
i ordered this kit for primarily one screw .
holds up very well and cleans up easily .
scorpion is a good name for this little vac .
this case was exactly what i was looking for .
this turns out a perfect small sized loaf .
things just are not made to last these days .
the colors are less vibrant than i imagined .
- lots of sheet rock , sanding and such .
even their 1 year old brother is n't interested .
this touchstone door perfectly fits my palm pixie plus .
great product - and the price was right ! .
the quality is exactly what you expect from henckels .
this game is terrible in every way possible .
we had issues with the o-rings falling out .
for some reason this particular color was way long .
she had one like this for her iphone 3gs .
this is a knock off and not correct .
great additional coverage to help phone from damage .
i wiped it off with a wet towel .
i smelled like bo after only a couple hours .
i was really disappointed in the enamel ware .
i use it for a scrub brush for cleaning .
i am really pleased with the new canner .
the internet has a recipe for replacement floor cleaner .
fabric is stiff no matter how i wash it .
it blends in with my white phone quite beautifully .
we tested this device with several kinds of tomatoes .
i ate one an threw the box away .
amazon did refund my money when i contacted them .
a reset fixes this.the interface is lacking *bigtime* .
i love that this shaker has a lid .
they are a great product for a great price .
well i tried so knock it all you want .
i also find the belt clip very handy .
i got 20 of them for about $ 5 .
i bought this to help with mild carpal tunnel .
i ended up selling the phone shortly after however .
it keeps a pretty good battery life so far .
the call had a lot to be desired .
my husband agrees we have to find another product .
life is too short for poor quality coffee .
case arrived before expected which is always convenient .
but for the price it does a good job .
the treat looks cute and price is inexpensive .
leaves residue and makes your hair feel weird .
these taste off even with milk and butter added .
they took all of 5 minutes to hang .
so the lamp should be in good quality .
back it goes to amazon for a refund .
i bought this for my 16 week old kitten .
and go with the advise of getting another hub .
no need to worry about precise stove settings .
next i will make a fruit flavored frozen yogurt .
the price was an indication of the actual value .
i had such hopes that this would work .
it has worked fine and is holding up great .
i purchased this as my first guitar slide .
comfortable to wear , works with all my phones .
i 'm serious but this kinda made me laugh .
also looks great and is great for blade edges .
it teaches a bad latch , in my opinion .
i 'm very happy with my jabra jx10 headset .
and their microsdhc is nothing short of a rip-off .
he walks very well on his own already .
not worth the little amount of money they cost .
it normally has a slight odor and hard taste .
i only have to charge it once a week .
not something you 'd use to vaccuum your car .
however , the fm transmitter functionality was completely non-working .
it just did n't feel very enjoyable to us .
i usually mop at least once a week .
sturdy and does the trick with any citrus .
pretty bras , but their sizing is way off .
online games are laughable and just flat out boring .
compared to the apple microphone it is ginormous .
this has expedited the wear of the belt .
mine broke after about a day of use .
i 'd give foxy curls zero stars if possible .
this is a great bumper and very cheap .
a full charge from empty takes over 12 hours .
had the septic pumped after only a month .
i wish it was a lighter weight material .
i am still using this product in my house .
its always good to have a spare anyways .
my ear has heal with no more issues .
you wo n't find a better deal on these .
i am now ready to buy the square/rectangular ones .
bed bath and beyond does not sell this size .
the lid simply snaps on , and very inadequately .
i have had this a year or two now .
however it closes easily now and stays put .
i would check stores first to price compare .
i like my $ 25 one better from walmart .
one hundred million italian mothers ca n't be wrong .
i have already bought two : blue and purple .
these shears are nicely made and heavy duty .
the tilt2 and iphone cameras are very similar .
the legendary sennheiser name has bitten the dust .
arrived way ahead of schedule and works well .
i would not hesitate recommending them to anyone .
the sodium for this bar was 190 mg .
i do like ginger bread , and ginger cookies .
but the cookies seem to come out ok .
but being cheap that was maybe a month .
it will get you where you are going everytime .
this trivet folds easily and is easy to use .
the characters are about as boring as they come .
they could pass for a knock off brand .
it saves energy and cooks in more flavor .
the pillow is not what i would consider firm .
they are made of glass so are delicate .
these have made it really simple to bake .
i use this as a back-up alarm clock .
potential buyers should be aware of this , however .
it works as great as i hoped it would .
unfortunately this is really the only reasonable option .
i 've been using it for about six months .
it seriously has been good to use this .
a 10 second zap in the microwave will help .
i felt these were too light for me .
it 's no wonder the pan arrived in pieces .
it kept my phone out of the sandy elements .
so i am about to order the third .
it can hold 14 pints or 7 quarts .
when we returned home , the knife was gone .
however , none of them created the right crispiness .
it addresses all the problems with mail for exchange.4 .
the roller is convenient and easy to use .
this purse looked 150 % better on the photos .
one went out within a month.quality control is non-existent .
its just so slow.second of all its ridiculously small .
great marketing though , i will give them that .
it will charge a cell phone about 2.5 times .
grapes plug it up easily - as do blackberries .
and cutting through bones is best with a cleaver .
it is just as described and pictured on website .
i am a get things done kind of guy .
your food will definitely not hold in place .
it comes with everything you need to install correctly .
the is the best speaker i have used tet .
also the clear plastic pump part comes off sometimes .
this product is nice and does the job well .
i have used traps and poisons with varied success .
a little of this goes a long way .
i then purchased a tiffany smart zip wallet .
we live in a primarily price sensitive marketing environment .
this is the exact cored that i needed .
coiled cord is the only option worth noting .
i have used these for many years now .
i bought a breville juicer and loved it .
it is a good coffee maker for the price .
i use these on my phone and my wifes .
the one i have is my second one .
purchased this for a new 21 year old .
i placed this order more than 30 days ago .
it is great quality and the design is great .
this shovel is not the one issued to military .
it also steams milk like a little champ .
these smaller litter boxes are just too short .
some people settle down with cheap cases from ebay .
the sound quality on these headphones is not good .
quite a disappointment from such a renowned company .
it works as expected and is a good value .
the second pot i made from the starbucks bag .
i am however a bit disappointed in the design .
this is the biggest drawback and design flaw .
my head is above average size , i guess .
like other reviewers , i simply cut it off .
the second one is like the first one .
the red did chip rather quickly with regular use .
i used the corresponding foundation with lightener , too .
this product is just as good as yn .
keep it in the glove box for emergencies .
light weight & small size makes it portable .
slow to focus and has annoying shutter lag .
i use fortiflora and they gobble that right up .
you will eventually need a good cooking thermometer .
my 2yo is only mildly interested in this toy .
we have major hair problems from my cats .
we also use our pizzazz for nearly everything .
do n't waste your money on the prep wipes .
bought this for my sister and she loves it .
the silicone housing is just not very well fitted .
to begin with..this pan heats up even and fast .
i wish i had bought this years ago .
i use it for nuts , chocolate or herbs .
i really needed it so it was disappointing .
i saw that another reviewer encountered the same problem .
it does seem to fit my 16 mo .
i was able to clean it with minimal effort .
it 's a great pastry cutter for the price .
this new improved fungal defense is disgusting to me .
i love the way they can be stacked .
it also has a good weight to it .
i carry 2 with me at all times .
i am not associated with yhm in any way .
this is why i gave this item 4 stars .
buy the good stuff like optimum nutrition , etc .
it works on any kind of closet rod .
i never imagined myself raving about spoons before .
it was exactly what i was looking for .
will never be buying things from overseas ever again .
the headphones fell apart within a couple days .
the shipment did take longer then i expected .
it is too strong and a little unappetizing .
i had no problems with activating the device .
i use mine for making puddings and sauces .
i did n't need a case or screen protector .
the relationships between characters were not really developed .
i used this at least once a day .
the ear piece wo n't stay in my ear .
i recommend it greatly to anyone with the evo .
i bought this for my teenage son 's infuse .
i like keeping things simple where remotes are concerned .
it has very poor reception on all bands .
i suggest a d-link product for longer use .
i highly recommend all lock & lock products .
would reconmend to keep your place daily clean .
but getting there is no fun at all .
i 've already tossed mine in the rubbish bin .
cable is long and supple , with top-quality connectors .
too expensive for holistic attempt for pain.would not recommend .
this is rather useless in pretty much any situation .
i recommend it as a very inexpensive iphone charger .
it works great when i do have the time .
both dishes have been working great as containers .
she plans to buy more of the line .
the plate surface really does glide over your clothes .
once i finally figured that out it works great .
maybe took almost two hours to feel better .
this is a very good product for the price .
i love the clock feature that automatically loads .
nothing will hurt my phone in this thing .
this popper does everything i hoped it would do .
i moved to other locations and still no reading .
tears of anger are almost dripping down my face .
these feel more like plastic than a chew treat .
i do not respect an absentee customer service .
have n't figured out how to correct this issue .
one scoop fills a regular size muffin cup .
it smelled really nice but that 's about it .
the problem for me was the strut connections .
i rely on the feedback when making purchases .
they were polite and professional , but extremely un-empowered .
this canteen cup is not the real deal .
with the shipping it was $ 3.90 per ball .
the lid they sent was the wrong one .
i bought this for a toaster oven i have .
i was wrong because maltitol does feed candida .
even just plain eyeshadow eye brows what ever .
it may get tossed in the trash instead .
home button feels the same as the original .
eventually there was a short in the connection .
not overly noisy , moves a lot of air .
my dog never thought it as a treat .
i expect that these dishes will last for years .
the design is far as safety is fool proof .
totally missed it on the peanut butter flavor .
it 's been working well for me so far .
this will work for a short time only .
the press works fine , and makes good coffee .
i wish i knew that before i ordered it .
i am so glad we chose this one .
looks like any ordinary calculator on one side .
and so my interest in finding them too waned .
it threw me in to an asthma attack .
well of course back then they were like 200.00 .
this product does what it is supposed to do .
top metal latch is not soldered together properly .
just will relegate it to wearing on cold nights .
like most kensington accessories , this works as expected .
i was torn between 3 and 4 stars here .
this makes it difficult and uncomfortable to use .
the item arrived a few days after ordering it .
i am about to give it to goodwill .
the magnets are strong and keep fro flap closed .
the introduction was interesting and visually very good .
you put in a zuchini in 3 1/2 in .
you will be much happier with the belkin .
what can i say , igo is the best .
i wo n't be using this product any more .
i think that it smudges a little too much .
bought mine refurbished for around $ 90 with shipping .
the most cheap feeling stereo i have ever purchased .
much lighter so , i like that even better .
the controller worked great for a very long time .
they need a strategy book for this game .
will definitely purchase more wilton pans in the future .
they make my layer cakes look so professional .
the little fluval is doing all the work .
i ordered two to replace my existing broken one .
i replaced with sigma and could n't be happier .
but if you like trinkets this is it .
large glass container is great for soups and sauces .
easy bakes are overpriced , as are their mixes .
this mirror does not really work with my sunglasses .
she ripped the plastic crate liner to bits .
i was suckered into buying it at $ 32.99 .
we have had the grinder for 10+ years now .
this was a needed accessory for my htc evo .
i was better off buying a good mini-tripod .
works well but messy to get the grounds out .
we are extremely happy with this purchase so far .
they sent me a new one right away .
that 's the saving grace of grandia iii.the bad:1 .
great product that does all it says and fast .
i am not sure why people like it .
i like to change my screen covers a lot .
the price could be a bit lower though .
i have taught my family the rule too .
i use the games case for a coaster .
locating a stove-top kettle locally was a joke .
i always use soap when i wash it .
my replay tv 5504 died after 4 months .
google navigator for turn by turn gps function 2 .
second time was some juice my son spilled .
this product looks so good but tastes so awful .
who would pay that for the 1lb size ? .
my son received this car for his first birthday .
maybe if they add some caffeine to the mix .
it is just as pretty as i imagined .
i have to completely alter my initial review .
the rubber base really helps the bowl stay put .
this backup is a nice size for portability .
a wonderful gift and a great brand at that .
i used my 10 inch serrated bread slicing knife .
should have gotten a medium or large i guess .
i love walden farms dressings and pancake syrup .
used dawn power dissolver , following the directions carefully .
i had to purchase a cover for it .
i ca n't honestly say it makes any difference .
however , it does have a good tight seal .
for some reason i have never bought anything else .
until then my money will remain in my pocket .
and love the idea that it comes in 3 .
i would skip this and just use the controller .
cut outs for camera and speaker holes are separatedpros:1 .
it looks like amazon combined two product pages .
wish it said that somewhere just wasted $ 14 .
well it had a hole in the seam .
she did not abuse it in any way .
the last you will probably ever need to buy .
they can go from frig to oven to table .
the company would not do anything about this either .
the value is totally up to you to decide .
and the battle system is awful as well .
i got this as a treat for my guineas .
you must have these if you buy a dehydrator .
good only for leafy vegetables and soft fruits .
do not worry about the size of the device .
i had also purchased some of their canned food .
when my wife received her iphone4 she was ecstatic .
that alone is worth the price of admission .
you ca n't slice things on a rippled surface .
that'a a lot to ask of a little pitcher .
i really was looking forward to getting this product .
i love love love the taste of this coffee .
my son got this for his 3rd birthday .
our knives were pretty dull from amateur sharpening .
do n't waste your money on cheap plastic ones .
i tried a couple of applications in various places .
great , no telling how long that will take .
the picture looks so healthy great balanced nutrition .
pieces everywhere , the cards were also all over .
i felt like i was burning my hair .
i use this on my vanity for misc storage .
it 's perfect for making my apple crumb pies .
they hold a full two cups of food .
as the title says - so far so good .
it will last much longer than the plastic ones .
approx 2/3 of the size of a usual bar2 .
i am going to try other pod brands .
the second problem is its lack of incentives .
if you want good 3d strategy dont look here .
it did not preform like the original battery .
this meat grinder is well built and works well .
this is the perfect solution and no batteries required .
i purchased my jawbone era in december of 2012 .
this pan is heavy so be prepared for that .
used them on a boiler with a stainless handle .
wow were these pants uncomfortable , i was shocked .
i am not very happy with this purchase .
it was all what they said it would be .
i have three cats , they all love catnip .
i still add a little more on top .
i purchased this for my wife 's first smartphone .
i got clear so it matches my maroon car .
keep them in an air-tight container at room temp .
like other reviewers , water comes out luke warm .
tried 2 different rockets from 2 different packs .
i could n't tell any difference or any benefit .
unfortunaltely an hour later one leg is gone .
i did n't want wood near my gas stove .
fits my i phone and protects my phone well .
i have not had any problems out of this .
was excited to see this listed on amazon .
i was raised with one from the 70s .
and it gave me very bad side effects .
my child knocks her 's over all the time.negatives:1 .
tengo el facebook el twitter y otras redes sociales .
not happy with the quality of this product .
i bought this convection microwave as a solution .
it us useful for all sizes of peppercorns .
people complain about bubbles and not fitting right .
i do not recommend this product at all .
i have been organizing all my kitchen cabinets .
for a paperweight it is a bit pricey .
another bonus point for link to the past .
and i found the solution in my system preferences .
the phone is thinker and heavier than i expected .
do n't buy it until they fix the problem .
this will definitely last a long time to come .
the six characters play identically and have forgettable personalities .
use it all the time and enjoy it .
i have purchased other bowls in different sizes too .
after shipping this came to less tan $ 9.00 .
the overall construction and material quality is very poor .
the jean is flimsy to say the least .
many people recommened it as a protein free gel .
this was a great case for my phone .
the result is that they can seesaw a bit .
given that the game has very little replay value .
do n't buy for a big & tall guy .
for an oxo product , i was quite disappointed .
a tiny led light is the only function .
cord is very thin.-does not have the usb cord .
plus , this leather is hard and seems crispy .
so does the plastic housing around the bulbs .
he had the sides chewed off in 15 minutes .
the miniature type said something about software being missing .
regular applecare does not have any protection against breakage .
i bought the newer version and i love it .
i finally threw this game away from frustration .
this is a great little solution to my problem .
pedal is not working , it just making noise .
first up is the obvious problem of the format .
oxo makes a great product that lasts for years .
this coffee machine delivers typical american style coffee .
i am hoping it will regulate my periods .
it began to tear on my guitar strings .
my baby just did n't like the one toy .
this is the fourth timex ironman i have owned .
this replaced the one i got many years ago .
and better than most restaurants that serve 'espresso ' .
this is a very sturdy beautifully designed peppermill .
the handles are grippy & the squeeze is smooth .
i hope the person who received it likes it .
however , it is extremely hard to get off .
the only option is to create a non-existing team .
make sure you dont fill it all with water .
it does n't seem so out of place now .
neither , has any of the wood nicked away .
still exercising , i looked and weighed the same .
they did a wonderful job on this case .
i like the easy wind up cord controller .
we ended up stuck with an incomplete toy .
makes coffee just like my dad made it .
maybe because i ate cheese with most of them .
the apple phone was for my husband for christmas .
this product was usable right out of the box .
for the price this cover is very nice .
something that should be included in the packaged materials .
these are not comparable to crocs in quality .
and when i say barely , i mean baaareeely .
the other did not.so i 'd avoid this brand .
i also do not like the metal construction .
so i was looking to purchase a new one .
i should have known they would be here .
the first lasted 10 years and still going .
so you can eat it raw without milk .
this pan is very good , but not great .
i only carry this universal charger when we travel .
all things considered i highly recommend this indoor grill .
installation was easy and caused no destruction with installation .
just little bits of fuzz stuck to everything .
it sits on the counter with my pro 6 .
it also left my hair tangled after washing .
i turn it down to 2 at this point .
check out the prices on their web site .
it works much better than the paring knife .
but this product is a major disappointment to me .
everything looked legit/real and not a aftermarket/3rd party product .
more than that you will need two batches .
it works with any bluetooth enabled cell phone .
amazon had the absolute best price as well .
i got this one to have as a second .
measuring that would probably require some very sophisticated technology .
it has all the sizes a cook needs .
we super glued it , but it keeps breaking .
these are quite uncomfortable in between the toes .
a recurring problem when reading the product descriptions .
the sink is one of those slim line things .
it fits together nicely and looks very smooth .
this did n't work that well with my skin .
macy 's and amazon should immediately pull this item .
she loved it and played with it every day .
i love the black chrome - so modern .
a side note ; this is very cheaply made .
not sure why when both pans are aluminum .
the bathroom sink is almost certainly too small .
the 4 thumbscrews on this slicer are metal .
i love that there are no filters to replace .
for the record i have a motorola photon 4g .
2/7/13 update : i have to change my rating .
the stand must be sturdy and not wobble .
there are alternatives out there that do both .
i wish i did that or downloaded the demo .
they might remove hair when you pull them off .
their is no menu button on this vcr .
i was looking for a product with no petrolatum .
at first , this cable did what it said .
reviews were good so i bought , regret it .
band size was not snug enough to be supportive .
this is one item i 'm quite happy with .
nice bright magenta-ish color , allows for good grip .
there are many software updates mainly for the battery .
i 'll definitely need a 32 or even smaller .
micro versus mini usb is the warning here .
it is not one of my go to spatulas .
i am very pleased with my silicone mat .
this pillow is a little too firm for me .
i even use a small brush for this purpose .
i purchased this to use with a desktop phone .
that way no power is lost from the 360 .
that is all the selling point i needed .
i used chitosan that i bought from puritan prides .
i waited too long to buy this gadget .
i plan on looking into other portable cat enclosures .
my cakes usually require the 12+ cup bundt pan .
no way does this product perform as promised .
it reminds me so much of applying wallpaper .
this product has awful support for windows nt .
finally , they give to a recharging battery case .
this is after washing and drying 5 times .
i would generally recommend this practice for any airpot .
may work well with smaller bags as shown ? .
but for the price , these are really wonderful .
this is perhaps 10 or 12 years ago .
you should be able to find them cheap .
the timing knob is difficult to grasp and turn .
i bought this along with it the first time .
*sigh* hopeful wishing.i highly recommend this garlic press .
the 3 effects of the button design is cool .
i found this to be a confusing mess .
overall i am very disappointed in this toy .
i had to wait weeks for it to arrive .
sound quality and features are fine for the price .
the associate color matched both my mom and myself .
no leaks after blending smoothies , soups and sauces .
the net that arrived was the very thin one .
i am hoping this will make it last longer .
my sister had one and i did too .
none of my devices got hot after charging .
i also ordered the matching batterey holder too .
personally , i would rather have a quiet fan .
i cut it to fit my pizza stone .
i have used this pan now for a year .
i received my target , and it looked fantastic .
sometimes i wonder if acne creams really do work .
it now only houses my 30 year old bb-gun .
comes with complete user manual and recipe book .
others complained that it is heavy when full .
bought this for my wife , she loves it .
corsair will never again see a dollar from me .
i did it by myself in under 20 minutes .
i use them all the time and love them .
but other than that it 's a wonderful case .
you 're not saving any money buying this card .
it still makes great coffee and does so quickly .
this was a huge waste of money for me .
i purchased this scale because of the good reviews .
soybean meal is a poor quality protein filler .
i bought this based on reviews and research .
i ordered this new from amazon in march 2007 .
after doing some research into hand cranks vs .
it also attaches much better to my ear .
square grill pan was what i was looking for .
it arrived a day after my ip5 did .
just not the quality i was hoping for .
very comfortable in pocket and easy to remove .
combine this with home bottom leopard is perfect .
just spoon it into the basket and seal .
she knows well the sound of it opening .
the quality of the curcumin 95 is fine .
also do n't get me started on the tripod .
i also thought that the sweetness-level was perfect .
this is a nice heavy duty popover pan .
i bought this because my 5 year-old loves spongebob .
it washes well and i have 0 complaints .
this stuff i would not reach for again .
in may of 2013 , i purchased an iphone4 .
it also doesnt not fit the ipod nano .
it comes with the car charger as well .
it had the force of my small pressure washer .
i love sesame seeds and whole grain rye .
this cover fits well on my i-phone 3 .
but my old-fashioned corkscrew still works the best .
i just had one issue with this thing .
it is like you put on some paste .
the boxes of 48 look identical on the outside .
lots of people seem happy with it so ymmv .
they are especially terrific when driving and/or on picnics .
the dye used in these substandard jeans smells awful .
however the quality of the product is great .
yes , i highly recommend this purchase to anyone .
but its great for making a breakfast sandwhich .
i have been salivating over these for many years .
not at all what i expected after reading reviews .
this looks great and is great at de-cluttering .
samsung has pulled a magic trick with this one .
here is how it went.another 22 hour download .
this is a great addition to my kitchen .
so i was pleased to find this bowl .
little by little , they got worse and worse .
i will never buy anything from simpletech again .
the vent mount works with my 06 accord .
the quality is great and the price is fantastic .
then , take the fat off with a ladel .
put a thermometer in the freezer and walked away .
also the area around where the coffee pot sits.5 .
this print server does n't work with windows 8.1 .
recharging also takes a while further re-enforcing this grade .
this appears not to be the case here .
they tend to bounce around in my bag separately .
i 'm using roc products now and love it .
i knew they could cut up to 20 ga .
some time ago i was having a tendonitis flare-up .
i would not recommend this mask to anyone .
definitely will be purchasing more for my families car .
i take it everywhere and i love it ! .
if it got hotter it would be excellent .
both were resolved with the wmf perfect plus .
dishwasher safe if you feel like it too .
it makes the phone rugged yet still fully functional .
i was very pleased with my skin cover .
those tv ears are not the best solution .
for the money the perfect value in its class .
again , this is not an issue for me .
extras are always nice for the right price .
it is secure storage and keeps food fresh .
they will not do anything to help you .
this soap dispenser is a hunk of junk .
it literally smells like cow or horse manure .
the aroma was really off putting to me .
now if only they made an even larger one .
the pinball action is simple yet works pretty well .
for $ 200 you can get pro studio monitors .
the developers did n't seem to take it seriously .
i bought it for my 3 year old son .
the speaker gets relatively loud before it distorts .
i am so glad that i chose this model .
i will never buy these again from amazon .
i kept the 6th phone because it worked perfectly .
not one of the doors or frames were straight .
would certainly buy this product again in the future .
this game is a better rental than a buy .
charges good and not one issue as of yet .
i do n't care how good the game is .
it is sort of a puzzle to get on .
i especially like to use these when making cookies .
my search for a good can opener continues ! .
i like the adjustability of this umbrella dryer .
i agree with some of the other reviewers .
my advice : get the one without the button .
definitely a rip off to buy at full price .
assuming it was a bad battery i changed it .
easy to use and easy to clean up afterward .
the reviews concerning the volume of heat is true .
i always loved it and it always worked flawlessly .
it would be great if it was just bigger .
well , it appears i got a bad one .
but , it did not give me enough lift .
i think you can find better for the price .
unlike some toasters the heat settings actually mean something .
at least they did n't make it a grindfest .
the tech support guy gave me some helpful tips.1 .
that is significantly more expensive than basic paints .
perfect to grate small quantities of hard cheese .
charge your phone at night and get over it .
it makes that food taste fabulous with nothing added .
the flavor was medicinal tasting , not very palatable .
and the same applies to all the ingredients .
the droid x desktop oem charger works fantastic .
this hand blender is great for the price .
has all the features you would ever want .
it affects the popped results of the popcorn adversely .
i bought this item because i started having nosebleeds .
blends things into dust if you let it .
no dirty water or mop to deal with .
this light-weight and stunningly sharp knife is outstanding .
spend the extra cash and get this oem .
clean-up of machine after use was easy enough .
thanks for the one i got for myself .
i will never ever buy this again for her .
they sit very low , like ladies hip huggers .
out of the box , the coating performed admirably .
while listening i like to work on my ipad .
i 've had one of these for 15 years .
we 've been using it for about 6 mo .
hangs many ties in a relatively small footprint .
i am very disappointed that this stroller arrived defective .
i notice this with most victoria 's secret sccents .
it continues to work perfectly and is so convenient .
i splurged and bought the cuisinart 12 qt .
i am in total love with the lady.2 .
the pattern on this platter i find very attractive .
i did not know this chicken was from china .
i 've had lots of compliments on this case .
this is a must have in the kitchen .
this is not the way to do it .
it two pieces and it is not bulky .
around the beaker are many units of measurements .
now i recommend this 5-inch tomato knife to everyone .
i 've had this blender for about 9 months .
this charger does work with the iphone 4s .
i would say , it will hold 12-15 shoes.2 .
cleanup is easy since the bowl is non-stick .
so i bought one from a local store .
cuisinart expects you to purchase a new oven .
i got the tortoise brown with smoke lenses .
lodge is still better than most foreign imports .
it almost felt like it wanted to fall off .
they are also less glitch/bug prone than androids .
this strainer is well made and seems sturdy .
it does not do anything it does say .
great inexpensive gift for the chefs in your family .
there is no medicine to stop the bleeding .
it is made of thick glass and looks great .
they both work good separately , but not together .
everyone agreed that the regular one was better .
these things are nothing like oreos.you think wow oreos .
i love being able to actually see it charging .
they cost me more than they are worth .
they were pretty decent for a canned bean .
nasty stuff falls into the water turning it colors .
i live 18 miles from philadelphia antenna farms .
i was really pleased with this its super solid .
i also like the usb port as well .
it 's a perfect fit on my counter top .
it works , seems to be of decent quality .
i then charged the speaker up before using it .
i found this toaster to be a notable exception .
i bought it after researching the phone online .
i would definitely recommend this to a friend .
the size of this phone is just fine .
the handles are nice and the lid fits well .
keeps the cord out of my cats way .
then , there can be some valuable family time .
the vacuum bags do what they 're supposed to .
my daughter was just in tears over her willa .
this fat separator was the winner in this category .
it is very easy to use and clean .
i took some wonderful portrait pictures with it .
audible click so you know when it 's done .
this is just what i was looking for .
the rack is exactly what i was looking for .
this is what i did not want at all .
too bad they do n't have a minus star .
also , the button for activating it works intermittently .
has a comfortable handle with a no-slip grip .
just the right color and style that i wanted .
do not for any reason buy this game .
they have dropped their iphone 4s numerous times .
the extra voltage is also a great advantage .
extension cords are n't the end of the world .
i can load books anywhere with my ipod touch .
its striated laminations are attractive to the eye .
and it will last you a long time .
this is the best coffee pot for your money .
the product came very well packaged and damage free .
it has lasted a generation and then some .
his apartment is probably about 600 sq ft .
wish this transaction would of been a better one .
any movement at all results in a massive blur .
they set comes with the standard 4 sizes .
the pink one did not fit my iphone 4 .
it tastes nothing like a watermelon jolly rancher .
have purchased my 1st kershaw blur 6 months ago .
great for soups and sauces easy to clean .
i bought this and returned it within 24 hours .
biscuits pop out easily when pushing from the bottom .
very annoying and unacceptable if used in a bedroom .
the whole screen was rotated about 5 degrees .
it 's sturdy and cuts the dough just fine .
it is also very sharp and easy to see .
i am definitely going to buy this product again .
i thought this was the best shaper ever .
i can use this for grilled sandwiches as well .
it spits out the sides of the lids .
i prefer wen mist to this quack wax .
we bought this item for our handicapped dog .
and i still have eleven packages to eat ! .
he mocks my iphone and swears by this blackberry .
i do n't even want to try it again .
primarily in how it attached to the wii remote .
i would recommend the silent spinner wheel instead .
the toy broke less than two weeks after christmas .
does not work with late model dodge canbus autolights .
try the pet stages frozen teething stick instead .
but deciding which one to get is tough .
wow , this was a real chore to drink .
it just turns off after a few seconds .
i sometimes toss them back in from the front .
i use these nearly every time i cook .
laying down while playing this part is almost impossible .
a good bronze color and is a heavy metal .
this case fits good and seems very protective .
there 's basically nothing to stick the tape to .
also ~ needed a couple more mixing bowls .
i have owned this pan for 3-4 years .
my pistol only has a 4 inch barrel .
they claim it has a true pasta-like texture .
these little plastic boxes are not that durable .
this item is such a flimsy piece of garbage .
these bags work great with the food saver machine .
i suggest keep them low on the body .
i did n't see that until i ordered it .
two cans were so badly damaged they were open .
in the end , we donated it to charity .
i missed that soft touch material featured on droids .
only got to use it three or four times .
i 've been pleased with this hot air popper .
feels somewhat flimsy but gets the job done .
the seam is almost invisible in the black color .
these are the right size for many uses .
i do n't really care much for this product .
will work with a cased or uncased phone .
another issue is that the pressure switch is faulty .
this shoe was too snug for my taste .
the can work with any digital photo on file .
so we do get what we pay for .
i ordered these as a gift for my nephew .
it does precisely what it is supposed to do .
i am planning on buying at least one more .
then sauteed the meat in the le creuset casserole .
waste of money as far as i concerned .
if you get it make sure its worth it .
they sent me a pair of cheap nb 548 .
i use this product via bluetooth with my smartphone .
i did not find it easy to use .
they should soon grow disappointed and eventually ragefull .
i used the same screen protector for 2 years .
wish they had the rubber seals on them .
somehow it was leaking when it was delivered .
so i was surprised and disappointed in this product .
shipping was fast but the gun was junk .
this is disconcerting and seems like a failure point .
probably need to buy the next larger size .
it unnecessarily continues try to charge the phone .
but , it did not worsen my skin either .
i bought this because i loved optical mice .
i 'm anywhere from a 38i to a 42dd .
it has never broken on us so quite strong .
should have read the reviews before purchasing this item .
this are about 3/4 the size of a dime .
we only use copper filters and have no problem .
it looks very sturdy and was a good buy .
dishwasher safe and a design that wo n't deteriorate .
they look like they would easily snap off .
definitely one of the best ones out there .
it is sewn very poorly in the tail .
even adults had fun using them , including myself .
it 's been a huge help with my diet .
love it and use it frequently at my house .
so it becomes like a list of chores .
do n't buy star wars galaxies or its derivitives .
the description by the seller was condition near new .
not in brightness , but in richness in color .
the quality is decent and the color was good .
it is therefore difficult to manage in the shower .
i had no issues , it works as expected .
they fit perfectly on a top fridge shelf .
save your money and find another brand of glasses .
the extra height is what makes the difference .
this is the best tea maker i have used .
he said to try an enzymatic drain cleaner .
will just pay grocer 's price from now on .
we love the taste of freshly ground coffee .
i use this almost on a daily basis .
i use it for sauces and side dishes .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
i think it will last us quite a while .
works exactly as described - extra long cord .
these shears will cut anything and are very sturdy .
not even air freshener around the area helps .
but it will not work with my ipod .
before i sat down and wrote this review .
this item has very poor fit and poor quality .
this is an every day pan for me .
haha good luck if you buy this mascara though .
it is sturdy , and easy to put together .
the metal ones do not keep coffee hot .
it is so cute and i love it .
i specifically wanted fluted cutters for shortbread cookies .
i like the outside pocket on this cover .
this green tea is the worst i have purchased .
he chewed and swallowed half of the rope .
look out when you walk in the house .
you can fit a small filter in it .
good thing we needed it mostly for hardwood floors .
broke down in 2 weeks and were extremely uncomfortable .
this item is not like the original corningware .
i have used these on our tablets and phones .
this means go very slow with the on button .
i would hope that amazon would monitor this discrepancy .
he would n't use it so i returned it .
so you have to tilt it a lot .
this case very closely resembles the amzer case .
this is a pricey toy with detachable ends .
my foot slides side to side in them .
this lens is cheap , and for a reason .
halo 2 is more unrealistic than the first .
i own almost the entire tri-ply line by calphalon .
these spice racks fit well in the kitchen cabinets .
very happy with the product and the delivery .
it is now in my closet collecting dust .
i see it lasting a long time too .
just made a perfect phone better with this battery .
i just received this case and i love it .
a work-around for the main issue follows the review .
what 's not to love about pyrex measuring cups .
i bought this to replace a kitchenaid spinner .
this charges ipad 2 fine in the car .
got in a timely manner which was nice .
after that it just sits around not getting used .
charges both of our phones with the same usb .
my stock battery been sleeping in my bag .
the result is even accross the entire surface .
i call this a good investment for my kitchen .
until this last couple of orders that is .
i have major buyer 's remorse with this thing .
but if you can work around that it works .
if you want cheap plastic then go with this .
i absolutely love their caramel syrup and pancake syrup .
you really only need the nonstick when frying .
replace it as often as you need to .
as others have said the numbers wear off quickly .
even my three year old knows its fake money .
a blower and a vacuum that does neither well .
i use it at least once a week .
i figured tall grass blowing in the wind .
nope , will not work on her windows either .
this is a cheap imitation that frays when cutting .
this sight was really irritating to deal with .
so i switched brand and have n't looked back .
both spiderman games did credit to their source material .
this was quite annoying for general web browsing .
that flaw alone negates the reason i bought this .
she tried it once and that was it .
can never have too many batter cables and chargers .
but i guess the price said it all .
it brakes after you try and take it off .
i also got the non serrated thin blade .
small and stays put in the vehicle adapter .
where do they come up with these games .
the program is artificial stupidity - not artificial intelligence .
so good for you too.seriously want some right now .
i was surprised how fluffy they came out .
the 13 inch stir fry spatula is very versatile .
i use this mixer to mix thick cookie dough .
i am not a tiny woman but average size .
they last about a year and are pretty durable .
i typically use mine to store celery in water .
we are homeschoolers and have big problems with focus .
one for each car and two as gifts .
this item charged my phone three time ever time .
there are better toys out there for youngsters .
however on second day threads started to open .
thought this light would be perfect for night walks .
country b 's emporer is killed by his son .
i think it does work for some people .
it is more like a sweet smelling mud .
had one of these in my old house .
of course sandpaper would slid smoother that those .
the muffins were baked through in the allotted time .
you can feel it has an etched feeling .
wish i had storage room for the bigger one .
indoors in a quiet place call quality is good .
the sprinkler system head does not deliver enough water .
they will explode in the microwave on occasion .
banana 's are cheaper than this stuff for sure .
this seems to work best for our microwave .
i think a clear acrylic might perform better .
its a good quality and should last many years .
i came back with soaking wet feet again .
the tech support from linksys has been absolutely horrendous .
i rarely make one pie at a time .
when a call comes in , it switches automatically .
the deni mt48 works best on fully thawed meat .
i dont kow how to speel the brand name .
to that end it worked like a champ .
compaired this side by side with manual cuff monitor .
the rabbit is the best of the batch .
the battery holds a charge for a long time .
what you see is not what you get .
the product is good and workes o k .
consumer products should not be tested on customers .
i took two capsules faithfully every single morning .
definitely a plus compared to standard earbud headphones3 .
brita is the best , no doubt about it .
my cakes have come out well and not burnt .
i have had this pan for almost a year .
forget about all the tiny bottles to clean .
it is not shiny and it is very rough .
i use this daily and i love it .
mind you , i am gentle with this phone .
their flat bottoms work fine on my smoothtop stove .
vendor was no problem but quality was not there .
these labels are perfect for all your canning jars .
next night i used it for stir fry .
do n't think that is too much to ask .
surprisingly i still have room for my jeep keys .
item was received as advertised in good condition .
the gameplay of this game is pretty good .
very boring and no practice of free will .
my daughter 1 year old really likes this book .
must be dissolved in mouth and tastes terrible .
the clothes are dry within a couple of hours .
it charges just as fast as the wall .
the finish on the black hunter is just beautiful .
they look more like little cups on that side .
very smooth feeling on her underarm and legs .
i have had a rocky road with the epic .
it was also a real pain to clean .
i have used kitchenaid mixers for over 20 years .
needless to say it was not what i expected .
at first these jeans were a good fit .
it turns on when i press the button .
i have small feet a size 6.5 in women .
on christmas morning , i put fresh batteries in .
we recently replaced our humidifier with this model .
i am not sure why others are having issues .
perfect for the center console in the easy chair .
i have used this for about a year now .
have not cooked rice or pasta with it .
they are not worth it for any price .
it is a beautiful and highly functional dish .
never could find a ball when you needed one .
i like it , and i use it occasionally .
so i decided to go with this one .
this was suppose to be a brand new headset .
this is a true bargain in every regard .
like the chinee noodles but too much sodium .
it looks fab and brightens up a drab board .
my fiance and i have had fun using it .
i never had any overflow problems at all .
i even use it on my iphone too .
consider ordering a size smaller than your usual .
it arrived in factory packaging in great condition .
i hope they bring back the original ones .
i found the reviews helpful but ultimately overwhelming .
the ones at the supermarket are cheap and junky .
this is basically a very cheap plastic case .
the quality for the case was way above par .
i was really hopeful that this would be true .
the case is easy to snap onto the phone .
sometimes your troops will not engage the enemy .
this brand seemed to be semi-boiled then smoked .
a useles piece of junk , in my opinion .
lubegard transfers power to the civic very quickly .
the river ruins this by making things too congested .
i tried making meringue cookies merely out of curiosity .
i tried classic kitchen basics for use with r.s.v.p .
it smells terrible and almost impossible to use .
i plain just do n't like these fruit snacks .
it would not even register that it was connected .
i 've been using brita pitchers for 15 years .
it purely seems like oil without any special qualities .
i had my last one over 10 years .
it takes a lot of time to charger .
this is so much more convient and easy now .
maybe this product does not work well with kitchenaid .
i use this to grind coffee and flaxseed .
but first and foremost , a gadget must work .
i should have spend a little more money .
but eventually the water pump stopped working as well .
this leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
i 'm usually careful about how to apply self-tanners .
these are the best screen protectors i 've owned .
it is put together with very poor sewing skills .
it is noticeably cheaper quality than other play kitchens .
i bought one of these a few weeks ago .
i put them on again to confirm it .
the sifting causes the clumps to break apart .
i wish i 'd paid attention to my intuition .
but i am aware of amazon return policy .
and the center of the plate was still cold .
problem is the design was printed off center .
i use this with my nuwave cook top .
less than half price of the complete press .
the game sounded fun and looked scary from videos .
the cakes always come out perfect , cleans great .
you can roll up foods like burritos inside them .
then the search engine words used were cordless .
i 've had this bread maker for many years .
i appreciate how light weight and unbreakable they are .
that would be good for a trashy toaster oven .
picked this up because my wall/door mounted one broke .
i would recommend this product to no one .
the four hour bread is huge and wonderful .
there is no way i could fit into it .
you can tell by the very mixed reviews .
i ordered two sets of these to start with .
it worked just as well as the thicker one .
that 's the positive - here are the negatives .
my problems of slow water feed went away .
the seams inside are very rough and poorly made .
it works kind of but not really well .
so not sure if this is a plus3 .
would definitely recommend after giving them a chance .
it is now loose in the metal housing .
i really are enjoying taking a bath now .
pour egg in pan cook for 40 seconds .
i just completed fully charging a generic bt battery .
remember to adjust and experiment for your microwave oven .
we bought some from ikea that work much better .
i find this so helpful with the jabra .
there are far better toolbox-type toys on the market .
even after 3 coats it looked like this .
was looking for glass bowls and these are great .
after consulting with consumer reports i ordered this .
with the evo you need extra batteires extra charger .
you will have to plan for larger groups .
come on apple , this is not practical.- unreliable .
i was a great fan of total annihilation .
one review on here says their cat ate one .
this is the best pressure canner on the market .
easy to get in and out of pocket .
try the yellow and the green curry too .
i would not hesitate to call it chili soup .
this is the first day using the battery .
the company failed to provide bolts and hex nuts .
the shun classic knives are some of my favorites .
i would not recommend them for large rib cooking .
a month later that toys store burned down .
these disc are just a form of abuse .
i loved it so much i got another one .
nice weight and easy to hold on to .
pushing the open butten opens it part way .
bowls and lids are durable and dishwasher safe .
not happy , need to send the camera in .
the watch is beautiful and i loved it .
now when traveling i do n't need my laptop .
these were not my first pair of coquette 's .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
they are surprisingly comfortable and fit the ear securely .
waste of money after seeing the specs on this .
otterbox may be the gold standard of phone covers .
i like variety so i picked different colors .
i shall be buying a second set of these .
they still have not fixed the camaera angle .
i have had this phone for over a year .
kikkoman soy sauce has 920mg of sodium per serving .
great for heating up/cooking small portions and sauces .
this item arrived quickly and was packed well .
very tight in the pouch and between the legs .
it is plastic with a metallic-looking plastic lid .
always cuts out and no one can hear me .
i did not get the charger that is pictured .
it looks good sitting on my counter as well .
if it runs on your computer consider yourself lucky .
this item did not work right from the stzrt .
so i sold the keurig and bought this instead .
the one it came with was very cheap .
so i would buy another one it needed .
my worn out snake cleans a lot better .
getting water into it was difficult.and the smell .
as always these things never last long at all .
this gets too hot and does not even curl .
the plastic insulation inside has a terrible vapor .
my coffee making experience is better with this machine .
i have them in the gorgeous scarlet red .
it has many different indexed cutouts for precise marking .
it is so useful & easy to clean .
this is amazing and the end results are fabulous .
me in od green and orange for her .
bought this for my son and wife for xmas .
did not last long for the price i paid .
second the trays are expensive and messy to change .
do n't waste your money even renting this one .
sleek design.would definitely recommend this grinder.price was right .
this is my second review of smackdown vs .
that 's with standby and plenty of talk time .
handles are solid and it washes up nicely .
cuisinart take note-i am not buying cuisinart products again .
i used this product on our motorhome head lights .
this one delivers awesome value for the bucks .
just be gentle when transporting to the dishwasher .
just drive around and do the boring side missions .
i do know these are all i will use .
all it means is that you paid more .
its stainless steel polished body makes cleanup easy .
even the capsules from wal-mart are 10x more effective .
i finally did here and it works great .
its cheap and lasts about a week or two .
granted that is n't what it was designed for .
i miss my remington and will buy another remington .
this hairball med was a complete waste of money .
this is my 2nd h911 that i have returned .
i find the trackman much easier and comfortable .
they do dull when you apply a top coat .
magic is pretty useless , other then for healing .
works great for volume and the 'shampoo ' aspect .
i mainly bought this oven for two reasons:1 .
i only purchase the best products i can find .
the others are too cheap to work right .
i will be getting another one of these .
this seems to be quality construction from germany .
the kettle has always been very loud when operating .
i bought this for 12 bucks in the day .
i held my breath and there it was .
will definitely buy these bags again & from witbecks .
i like this better than the silicone handle .
perfect size to sit the toaster oven on .
i fallowed a stream of ants one day .
there are way better deals then this guy .
now i have none to take with me .
i love the weight and look of them .
i keep one side cooler than the other .
i like the numerous features on this charger .
i had to remove after only a few hours .
this bowl is perfect for salads and pasta .
i just used the grinder for chicken breast .
not a lot of bells and whistles on this .
great fit and superior protection for your iphone 4s .
it looked more like floor sweepings than cut tea .
the biggest difference is that this doll is ugly .
just drop in the dishwasher and your done .
i like this bluetooth mainly because of the fit .
heat up superb and taste of food is awesome .
the cord fits perfectly in the attachment point .
in this case , 2000mah/4ports = 500mah per port .
perhaps he is so high-energy it confused the collar .
they really have their act together for returns .
continues to be one of my fave manuf .
this lack of durability is just not acceptable .
i want an item like this to be dependable .
the screen cover appears to be precision cut .
installed one of these on my bissell vacuum .
wish i had this a long time ago .
this is not the former princess aerobic shoe .
to put it bluntly , this game is crap .
ca n't get a better case for the price .
ear buds are clumsy for her to use .
not sure this product is worth the buy .
it stay clean and does not collect food stains .
i am disapointted with panasonic because this product .
other than that i am really happy with purchase .
i will continue my search for a better one .
no special equipment other than a screw driver needed .
my daughter has no interest in this at all .
i would recommend it to any incredible user .
this item was cheap and is cheaply made .
exchanged it for a targus 12vdc / 110vac adapter .
it strains the hand and is hard to turn .
this arrived new in the box from amazon warehouse .
the gameplay doesnt seem to be the same .
a nice medium weight cleaver for cutting use .
with the screen on you see none of this .
just move from place to place and kill things .
the screen protector fit great and looks good .
i finally thought to ask at the wine store .
thank goodness i never took the adhesive off .
the features are great and the coffee stays hot .
it did not have enough force to dislodge wax .
so quick & tastes just like stove-top popcorn .
highly recommend as they are the same as originals .
this works just fine with my moto x phone .
this polishing pad was marked good for 306 .
i was pretty excited to get this for traveling .
i love lavender and this was a sad disappointment .
this is my go to pan for everything .
this is the best mixer i 've ever used .
i wish i could give it 0 stars .
i wanted this item for powering my raspberry pi .
i guess this is no longer the case .
snaps together easily and protects the droid x well .
large capacity is used often in my kitchen .
it does exactly what it states it does .
the dbm-8 burr grinder is of very poor quality .
the non-stick properties quickly surface after proper seasoning .
the last problem i had was the vanilla flavor .
i think i just got a bad one .
she can just plug it in and go .
i would rate this a 7 if i could .
that decision was made just under a year ago .
the smell is also subtle but still gross .
i love it , make a cup every morning .
i would not spend money on this again .
should have read the reviews carefully before buying .
they are tiny little hard white crumbles of dates .
both help , but are optional in daily use .
i love this spatula i use it every day .
i use this for everything from pizzas to cookies .
now i never lose my bluetooth in my purse .
just overwhelmed how bright and nice they look .
the only decent parts are the boss battles .
even the smallest of logs you 're locked behind .
just a good case that fits very well .
i am about 6 foot 1 and 227 lbs .
this case has lasted a very long time .
i am totally in love with this cooker .
i bought this elsewhere and tried it today .
though in other places it seems to work better .
easy to clean , takes up very little space .
i really hated this game for many reasons .
we have not had any problems with these cases .
it works great to grind my morning coffee .
very disappointing and not worth buying or even renting .
needless to say - not a great experience .
these are indispensible for your cast iron handles .
it is definitely what i have been looking for .
it does not cover the screen all the way .
this dutch oven lid lifter prevents both of those .
this is great for poached and soft boiled eggs .
and i can change the fabric easily enough .
i bought more to keep in our other houses .
i will be trying something else in the future .
i would n't waste my money on this again .
i like the peppermint in the neti stik better .
they both started to thaw at the same rate .
that was the main reason i purchased it .
we had just gotten the regular drop shaped version .
holes in gripper hook-arms to allow speakers to work .
i was very excited to finally get my zoji .
a gallon of water weighs approx 8.33 lbs .
it gives the tea a slight fruit flavor .
i feel my arms getting a workout however .
the shapes are very similar and sized the same .
now it does n't show up in the bios .
it just makes the game look ridiculously stupid .
we have a complete all-clad collection in our kitchen .
i bought this for my husband for christmas .
highly recommended and no cutting of the fingers .
works for about 3 minutes after power cycling .
it worked but i do n't use it anymore .
this is another great purchase and a great price .
i would never expect such a product from samsonite .
the rosle is very sturdy and does n't rust .
need to be made of neopreme or something stronger .
it is not worthy of the sony name .
been using mine for 8 years so far .
no chance of letting it anywhere near my art .
the electronic control scheme is simple and well thought-out .
i took 2 bites and could n't eat anymore .
but again - this is just my thing .
all the necessary ports and buttons are exposed .
i 'm guessing the micro usb connector went inop .
its defiantly brighter than a point and click flash .
you can check for local availability via their website .
kids do n't care how well things clean up .
they are much cheaper than the ones from sprint .
i would definitely buy from this seller again .
i do n't think you can have too many .
they were easy enough to make right , though .
it is more than adequate for the money .
i have n't had any issues with this device .
easy to work and boy does it work .
everytime we use it , the resevoir is full .
california and i think that applies to me .
i 've made a pot of coffee this morning .
i wear dress clothes 7 days a week .
used it for the first time last night .
then the temperature would come back after several minutes .
but , this item did not reach my expectations .
i hope it does not come off the phone .
the electronic trap never caught a single mouse .
had this coffee maker in my family for ages .
i love that i can use this wirelessly .
makes all the cookie baking i do much easier .
even an adhesive band to eliminate any debris .
backpacker= imo a little heavy for what it does .
it 's the only way to use this thing .
this is a good size for my oven .
these rounded tips mangle delicate seafood and veggies .
it 's so good there is a lifetime warranty .
l'oreal , please change back to the old applicator .
while trying to fit it into positon it ripped .
i could fit a fingertip through most of these .
i bought various sizes for my kids for christmas .
i bought this bore snake a few days ago .
filter packs have very little carbon in them .
this is somewhat pricey for a detailing kit .
it is basically as wide as it is tall .
i use these for storing items in the frig .
he advised me the case was already escalated .
these are now my most used measuring spoons ! .
this is not a good price for this item .
nothing remarkable nor disappointing , simply an average toy .
bought for a 2005 jeep grand cherokee key .
i see it as a problem for me personally .
sells for a lot more in the stores .
i wrote this review not even 10 minutes ago .
all the other brands have more natural ingredients .
well the motorola photon would not charge when connected .
i 'm glad i did.life expectancy of drives varies .
very good quality cable and works very well .
assuming she was close enough to the car .
all opinions expressed here are mine and mine alone .
it looks like cheap costume jewelry to me .
these are so thin i couldnt believe it .
not at all , not even in the sun .
the quality and price seem ok on this product .
i will post any superior seat i find.kone .
there was a steady drip outside the filter .
however , my bacon comes out fast and yummy .
it would have been nice if it worked .
this is a terrific idea and a terrific product .
not when they take forever just to get through .
i use it for scooping my dry goods .
seems to me , they have already been tested .
there has never been a failure with this product .
this is the only pepper grinder i would buy .
putting contacts in this phone is very easy .
now she is scared to go near it .
this should also reduce the power consumption a bit .
this whisk was recommended by america 's test kitchen .
i guess you get what you pay for .
not the china glaze quality that i expected .
all my testing proves the same.hope that helps .
this pouch fit the droid razr m quite well .
buy plenty if you plan on using the crossbow .
stir again after 1 , 2 and 3 minutes .
this coffee press has been a lifesaver for me .
i may charge it every couple of weeks .
this one is n't bad and i use it .
they remind me of cheap watercolor brushes for kids .
you also have to change the pads frequently .
the ground coffee the capresso produces is very consistent .
i do not use this in my tub .
carefully pour the water out and add more water .
alas , today they no longer hold a charge .
it has a really cool rose petal texture .
i actually forget i have it on sometimes .
we were looking for the same sized replacement .
this was also ordered for my other granddaughter .
it writes easy and feels good in my hand .
they work very well on several different model machines .
i returned this one right out of the box .
our kids are playing with our iphones constantly .
will fit in carrying case with this cover .
i simply do not have any issues with chipping .
i ordered three of these tees in small .
it really looks like it 's made for children .
i would highly recommend the dish drainer though .
this grinder makes short work of deer meat .
cook 10 min on low-med heat , stirring occasionally .
the lids go on tight and stay on tight .
this case would be ok if it fit .
but other than that it works real nice .
i am now totally a loser in cod5 .
i wish they still made the old version .
not a well projected , clear sound at all .
i love the overall look and feel of it .
i tried it and all descriptions fullfil expectations .
the case fits but it is very loose .
my kids get bored with video games very fast .
i returned this item for two main reasons:1 .
it is very hard to get off when needed .
please research this before letting your child ingest it .
i am absolutely in love with this pan .
it 's like it is stretched out or something .
i got it free with another product i bought .
i simply do not understand the negative reviews .
once enrolled , you create a totally new pet .
mix it bake it wash it do whatever .
i 'd return it but not worth the hassle .
might be a little crowed for 4 devices .
just yesterday another pair died on me.so anyway .
it 's more than fine for most web browsing .
stirred citric mixture into one gallon whole milk4 .
this strainer takes a beating and always performs well .
they dont send you the one in the picture .
fits my iphone 4s so well ! definitely recommend .
never would charge or turn the phone on .
i prefer the cinnamon at penzeys over this brand .
i do n't like popww as much as popsot .
i have charges 2 devices from it at once .
it could lose 10s of seconds a day .
no more soggy limp left over pizza either .
this little vacuum is powerful but very heavy .
i like low salt , lite salt no salt .
this is a necessary item in anyone 's kitchen .
but i thought i could still make it work .
i also use it for oats & coffee sometimes .
panasonic said that this was not a machine malfunction .
we returned these immediately for an entire size larger .
amazon gave me a gift card for a refund .
it was delicious , but made too much batter .
a gel case cover solves the cheap feel .
will update review if i have further problems .
somehow the other devices does not like linksys .
here are the reasons why i hate this diffuser:1 .
perhaps a notch up from bad diner coffee .
so i bought this squeezer for that purpose .
then we came inside and i literally got ill .
i use my food saver all the time .
sleek and beautiful to have on my table .
this is exactly what it appears to be .
this seems to happen to me a lot .
they could look like duck feet if they worked .
i love bewleys , when i am in dublin .
the smell was awful very strong chemical odor.3 .
would recommend buying regular chalk for half the price .
a must if you have a kitchenaid mixer .
these are features that many people will really miss .
every samsung oem cable is not the same .
it also fits into the basket for compact storage .
i recently played nfl 2k5 from visual concepts .
my first try was with my home stereo .
i think they tried to do too much here .
this worked pretty great for the first few months .
my daughter was so happy when i got this .
i find that dyson products are the best quality .
this a review on the product not the seller .
lodge is american made here in the usa .
i gave it two stars for not having fragrance .
except for the museum version of android that is .
she hates this toy and wo n't touch it .
but my previous screwpull lasted a long time .
este es un muy buen producto para el carro .
it just sprays everywhere and makes a mess .
it still comes in handy and works well .
no heat - other than a little steam .
no burnt stuff and only a few unpopped kernals .
meat cooked in 12 minutes vs 30-45 minutes .
bought this for a hiking trip coming up .
mic picks up well , clear voice coming through .
easy to remove one cup at a time.recommended ! .
and she is kind of cramped in this .
it fit fine and i love the color .
i always wear primer so that did n't help .
nice heavier weight that will hold up forever .
but this unit works great and looks great .
they are stored in a be bag carefully .
the headset comes installed with the largest set .
you can not notice once it is hung .
our next purchase is the grinders and pasta attachments .
talk about sore muscles the next day ! lol .
price but you get what you pay for .
this is my second copy of this phone .
a little flimsy and flipped over in light wind .
the design of this is simple - too simple .
i have this on most of our i-devices .
it roasted the turkey to perfection without basting .
very good set of basic tools for the kitchen .
was so tight i couldnt even sit down .
the taste was strange and kind of weird .
the green light means all systems are go .
buy only if you want to depot it .
i simply did not use any of the inserts .
my daughter played with this about 20 mins .
my husband said he could hear me perfectly though .
no surprise then that one glass was completely shattered .
everyone who likes to cook should have one .
i would not buy this again , or recommend .
this screen protector did the job for my phone .
i have had these for about 11 months now .
no idea why i wasted my money on this .
four of these fit right into my lunch box .
this lens got stuck on my canon t2i .
eviewthe nt70t is a great size and form-factor .
this product must be a kids size large .
they really killed the skill system in my opinion .
it takes a little like overly sweet crystal lite .
when the battery is charged , they turn green .
the colors are bright and pretty as well .
easy to use , and empty , ground coffee .
no complaints and would order again if needed .
you see rainbow on the screen almost always .
those are super delicious to the point of addiction .
will dent/bend very easy so do n't drop it .
the popper is hot ! no oil is needed .
once a day just never cut it for me .
little cakes work well with the 3-prong piece .
i plan to buy more for other dry goods .
this time i 'm treating it to hand washing .
search google for boss gt-10 patches by james limborg .
there were a good mix of challenges , though .
the wand does n't form the bubble that well .
it is perfect for one or two people .
this is a very good electric coffee maker .
one feature of the phone was an unexpected benefit .
i am enjoying baking bread on a weekly basis .
i would recommend to a friend or family .
the ingredients are not fully listed on amazon .
and they offer several bluetooth headsets for cell phones .
i cut all my veggies for soup with it .
it simply is not compatible with a screen protector .
planning to eat zucchini pasta twice a week now .
i prefer my stainless steel pots and pans .
the price / performance has been perfect for me .
i hear no complaints from him about it .
one of my favorite and most used appliances ! .
and so she 's also very prone to hairballs .
it is easy to clean and keep maintained .
connection to my galaxy note ii was easy enough.2 .
i like the way new weber kettle grills cook .
i give this unit a 3 star rating now .
it does not do what it claims to do .
metamucil has pills but i get mine from gnc .
i treated myself to a new 5 qt .
they come out of the filter with use .
they dont even have all of the characters .
sometimes you get more than you pay for .
other than that they seem like decent material .
love le creuset and this little version was affordable .
i 've had my optimus for about 10 months .
the headphones are not good at all for talking .
not exactly what you are looking for when using .
i put some veggies in it and steamed away .
i choose this while looking for a whirley popper .
that is the only part that worked for me .
this makes guns a very unreliable source of protection .
the sudden sound of the sprinkler is definitely surprising .
the chop plate is a nice size for serving .
i did not get any of the accessories .
one bowl holds one popper from the whirly pop .
amazing on how effortless the process can be .
they would n't go past the first carpeted step .
i like this set with just the round pieces .
the stainless ones without a handle get very hot .
it does n't cover well and looks too peachy .
the mixer ca n't handle hard material like carrots .
we use at least one bowl every day .
they easily hold a pint with a good head .
this is a heavy duty glass storage unit .
produces a lot of flow in the small tank .
i have purchased 2 of these through amazon .
overall , more of a gimmick than anything else .
if my house were bigger i 'd buy another .
have to be careful not to bend the worm .
i doubted that the george foreman grill would work .
twice as expensive but they last literally forever .
this bluetooth hold static without being on the phone .
it is not waterproof but it is not flimsy .
range was also very good.my complaints are two-fold .
this fighting style does n't belong in this game .
other than that it was a great device .
the pump works flawlessly and easy to clean .
one star knocked off because of concerns about durability .
i had a lot of trouble setting zero .
i have had two successive models of this headset .
the shape of the baked cake is beautiful .
well the rope has a tendency to brake .
got it as a gift and i like it .
it is so easy to use and clean .
once that part was mastered it was smooth sailing .
have used this product for over a year .
the engine is pretty much exactly the same .
i love these all-glass no-plastic refrigerator storage containers .
although it is plastic , it seems very durable .
what this coffeemaker produces suits even our perhaps-a-little-odd taste .
sorry i did n't buy one if these sooner .
i should have taken that review more seriously .
if i had i would keep the popper .
turn off the radio by using airplane mode .
i gave this to my son who has everything .
at the price their selling for its worth it .
what can i say about a measuring cup .
so now i guess i will try homeworld 2 .
this makes me want to question their credentials .
it is made of a fairly squishy rubber .
it works wonderfully and am glad i ordered it .
first off , this is not a solid toy .
as a result i am returning this samsung earpiece .
i would recommend this to family and friends .
this one really is lacking in the flavor department .
it does n't take up space inside my cupboard .
really give the phone a clean look worked great .
had krupps for years and never broke a carafe .
the handle on this meat pounder is very short .
case fits perfect with no flaws at all .
it felt great , and it was even smoother .
spend your money on something else of better quality .
however the larger screen makes web surfing easy.2 .
the itorch is a fairly compact battery pack .
returned item , and looking for an accurate scale .
at first , it sounded very promising and different .
some of the coffee packets were not sealed well .
i would not recommend these socks to anyone .
i agree with the other reviewer that it stinks .
speaking of graphics this game is total eye candy .
it did nothing to protect my $ 600 device .
the smashed jar is not made by oster .
this battery and door were labeled verizon and moto .
i love the kitchenaid quality so i picked kitchenaid .
and 8.5 lb weights and all were spot on .
the power of this thing blew me away .
these dishes are very nice for the price .
i use this for touchups between major cleanings .
now i can simply place it on and go .
to monitor heat place a thermometer in your press .
it could go flying if your grip slipped .
it was very difficult to undo and fasten .
my pup has no interest in this toy .
my shih tzu almost died after using this product .
good value fot this product and quite handy .
this thing is junk , to put it mildly .
this knife is my favorite general purpose knife .
i appreciate the different heat and fan settings .
moving my head would cause the earbuds to dislodge .
but the toy just was not interesting enough .
had been using this product for a while now .
multimedia functions on the inspire were somewhat underwhelming .
an excellent improvement on blade grinding of your coffee .
i got this game due to best ratings .
this product contains cane juice and is very sweet .
my daughters had no interest in this toy .
this steel has been a very good purchase .
will not buy from this company ever again .
the build is sturdy and feels like quality material .
bearitos and little bear are terrible these days .
i expected a thick rich syrup with maple flavor .
not impressed with the quality of the straps .
i tried applying gloss and pencil over it .
making scones is a guaranteed success with this pan .
the jawbone may perform admirably as far as technology .
it will allow larger cuts of meatto be cooked .
this one was a far cry from those products .
save you money and buy a real vacuum .
overall i am quite unhappy with my purchase .
what a great find this turned out to be .
no reason to even try this stuff , imo .
i start the day with three fully charged batteries .
the first one i returned after one use .
this case fits my htc evo 4g perfectly .
i used it the next time to shred cheese .
it actually sticks firmly to the sloping dash .
i suppose it is what you get used to .
it is very loose especially on the bottom .
it is a low end version of the genesis .
then the color layer started to peel and flake .
i need more moisture for my leave in .
it promised to be a great product and durable .
this belkin accessory grip fixes that very nicely .
more sizes than most sets i looked at .
this setting is enough for my medium sized room .
love this and wish i 'd bought it sooner .
i really wanted to like this curling iron .
when it arrived it looked just like the picture .
the only problem i had was the flash hole .
this case fit perfectly and is very durable .
plus these meals are awesome in the fall .
uncomfortable and really does n't work all that well .
my dog tore this to pieces within an hour .
it has worked excellent for me so far .
i should have thought it through more carefully .
it was like finding the jackpot of connections .
i like to rolling in the cord for storage .
there needs to be another snap at the ankle .
this happens every time i start a new game .
so i just have to throw them out .
provided plenty of space for some bulkier kitchen items .
oh well , a waste of money for me .
it has a bad habit of pulling hairs .
now one of my most used kitchen tools .
they basically told me that was my only option .
i have not found one that would work yet .
it goes from song 20 to song 21 .
i was almost to the point of yawning .
this takes some time to get used to.3 .
these are great and can be washed and reused .
this review is based on only short time use .
i like these the best after trying some others .
like coffee with a lot of milk in it .
i like this product , but it sometimes leaks .
just heat it until you see some steam .
plates do not have deep indentation for figures .
the only difference was in the 1 cup size .
the party system is not at all like bgii .
even has a storage compartment for accessories and ammo .
the cup frame is very thin and flimsy .
it really was a looker of a watch .
i 've had my zo for about 2 weeks .
problem is that it does not last long .
i expected a lot from breath of fire 3 .
this is all stainless steel - works really well .
the glove does not offer that much protection .
they feel very smooth and comfortable on the skin .
they walk it and pat it and hold it .
i am so very happy i found this case .
i must also compliment the company on its service .
unfortunately they stopped selling the crock that fit inside .
much better than the rocker type of pressure canner .
i am considering returning it for a full refund .
no curling or pulling away from the screen ! .
when i first bought this product it was great .
i like this because it is inexpensive and versatile .
this is a useful tool when making cake/brownie balls .
i picked up the phone 4 days ago .
maybe the italians will restore german quality to braun .
you also should not wash any stone with soap .
first it has a light grayish color to it .
great in the kitchen for cutting and shopping vegetables .
got this as a christmas gift for my granddaughter .
i own several and they work well enough .
each are kind of weak with water only .
purchased this unit on recommendation of cook 's illustrated .
i have 9 chihuahuas that i bought these for .
one of them started leaking air in a week .
they clean up so easy and cook so well .
i have very sensitvie skin maybe thats why .
when the game came out things worked pretty well .
it comes preloaded with the new blackberry os 7 .
i cook every day and need a sturdy utensil .
the european theatre is getting old as well .
paid a little more and got one with accessories .
this looked much easier to handle than advertised .
then i wanted it cheap but good quality .
i did not care for lacing boot up .
apparently that was a misguided assumption on my part .
the clip is strong and it stays put .
canon really should n't put their name on it .
length makes it a little short for my hand .
looks like a pretty doll but not worth it .
so i was just saying and no , comment .
the reviews of this bialetti are right on .
a couple of the negative reviewers were simply wrong .
this way you do not over stress parts .
cream used in the recipes to lessen fat calories .
what i got works as it is intended for .
definitely made a loyal customer out of me .
no problems and the replacement is going strong .
unfortunately this lube is no different.here 's the problem .
did n't run into any issues when using it .
turning headset off then on again fixes this problem .
only the heat vision is really useful in battle .
blades are sharp and storage sleeve works well .
the bed is not as it is listed online .
sorry , i wasted my money on this one .
we wanted a slicer to cut anything but bone .
no improvement noticed so far since using this product .
i have also been enamored with stainless steel .
easy to level off with a straight edge .
add another cracker to make the process go faster .
hopefully they have one for the iphone 4 .
with that being said , the quality seemed fine .
cleaner fluid did not clean my vinyl floor .
these bad boys make the cutest little cutouts .
good range of sizes for small to large jobs .
this product feels too drying on the face .
even the utensils which are also high qualitiy .
ergonomically , it is comfortable to hold while mixing .
getting at spells goes through a multi level menu .
i will stick with jawbone products from now own .
they still work fine as two separate thermometers .
try instead topical creams , for example blue emu .
so , i bought this as a backup-same issue .
i was not happy with the results with this .
this machine makes delicious boiled and poached eggs .
there are gig bags and there are gig bags .
even the sniper rifle is a little different .
i have never worn out a body glove case .
bought this for my medium brown/gray mixed hair .
well built and looks great on kitchen table .
that was the first day i had the game .
i rarely use the unit as a result .
i wonder if one of my shoes was defective .
i was really hoping this would be better .
we purchased this little gem for two htc sensations .
it just shut off , never to run again .
so i think i 'll handwash from now on .
they do not feel good on my feet .
making whipped cream can be a messy business .
i have n't had any issues with this product .
easy put together , good quality and nice color .
all came out just the way they should .
keeps everything clean and safe.you ca n't go wrong .
clearly this is not capable of handling much use .
expect the steel pie server to last a lifetime .
charges it and controls it without any issues .
i am eating more salads now than ever .
my samsung vibrant 's gps is also non functional .
very disappointed with the result of the product .
i got this thing for filleting salmon last summer .
also you can only see whats up front .
just went on and bought an different one .
save your money and check it out there .
wo n't bend like some of those cheap ones .
i bought 2 of these for christmas presents .
i know and like all-clad for the right applications .
does not fit my 2 month old taurus pt111 .
it 's heavy and sturdy and it cuts smoothly .
i was lucky and hit a home run .
it is nice how this one is slim/narrow .
the mt48 works great and is well constructed .
talk time is great and standby time is awesome .
i even use it for pressing the burgers .
it was easy to install and looks very good .
i would not recommend this item to anyone .
this cuff just cant discern the proper reading .
you get a couple of each size you need .
the product came with multiple holes from the packing/manufacturing .
but other than that , this item works great .
the percolator makes coffee quickly on the induction .
then it took extreme pressure to get to load .
i feel like i wasted a lot of money .
she had the stuffing out within 30 minutes .
i have the nalgene as well that works great .
thanks to cooks illustrated for another wonderful recommendation ! .
replaced it with this , and still working great .
i would highly recommend this food processor to others .
still looking for a quality one of these things .
put this together it was so easy and stable .
this is not the miracle cream i expected .
it does have a great smell , light pepperminty .
the lid fits well but has no rubber seal .
these were the right price and are absolutely beautiful .
i 've washed them about a half dozen times .
i tolerate the taste of chamomile and peppermint .
i ended up throwing it out in disgust .
i played mine about 1 hour a day .
so easy to find the size i need .
apparently there are several different sets of mario figurines .
worked really good right out of the box .
however , i bought it for ice cream shakes/malts .
my daughter had to have this for christmas .
i was a diehard robotech fan as a kid .
they need to come up with a better design .
minor personal observations of an overall good product .
i have uploaded a photo of the top .
we used it on all of our phones .
works fine , just keep an eye on it .
this is my 3rd one in 10 yrs .
one of my favorite apps is the skyfire browser .
i can pour easily out of the glass pitcher .
they seem as though they could break pretty easily .
instead , it is just sweet with strong bite .
the angle is perfect and the material is strong .
it wiped out easily since nothing stuck to it .
the carafe pours into the cup without dripping .
it is swift and easy to use and clean .
it 's basically darn near impossible to do so .
small enough to store if you 're limited space .
both my daughter and i cook and bake .
very classy and does an excellent job grilling .
this was a wonderful buy for the price .
moreover it has no vitamins or nutritional support .
does not do what it claims to do .
it is about as noisy as a hand vacuum .
it is very cute and came in good condition .
i love sketchers and this shoe in particular .
the saddle and handlebars are also not very comfortable .
i would not use this for cutting hard vegetables .
i am a woman who wears a size 10 .
the plastic around the mirror is weak and cheap .
i have very oily and acne prone skin .
i then followed the dosage instructions to a tee .
i was so hopeful that it 'd be better .
accomplished its purpose and available for other cooking chores .
now this new one is just as useless .
this case was a bit thin in my opinion .
i ordered online and it is not comfortable .
the box was damaged on every one of them .
i bought this mainly because of the length .
so that 's why i also got the imp550 .
it 's like wearing a bite plate to bed .
the wand looks especially fragile and susceptible to cracking .
and quality is writen everywhere in these plates .
there is no better way to make coffee .
not like the games we grew up with .
i had to go and buy something else .
this forum is to review the actual product .
you might think online shopping is cheap and convenient .
next you experiment until you get the desired doneness .
the charging light illuminates , but does not charge .
works well in my full face and half helmet .
will try again after being in the sun .
keeps them from spreading all through the water .
great mother 's day gift for anyone still searching .
the main problems i found are as follows:1 .
it had an old lady smell to it .
maybe it will work with some other gadget .
i am so glad i only bought 30 .
none of my other lenses cause this issue .
i will be sticking with nike from now on .
this cheese has the consistency of a dip .
may still be a good product for some people .
do n't ever use it on the high setting .
it was deep enough to snag my fingernail .
everything but the main unit goes in the dishwasher .
everyone who rated them poorly i could relate to .
the japanese version plays better feels faster paced .
no strap to hold the doll in place .
they might be considered cute in a mukluk way .
yes , it does just that and quite well .
but for my purposes , white is just fine .
i have the v3.0 version of this card .
easy to use and very easy to read .
well once i had to reorder from manufacturer .
it was extremely easy and simple to apply .
the amazon description was very clear and accurate .
also i think the team is not completely new .
you 'd be wise to choose a different brand .
seems to working fine in my mother 's humidifier .
no creamy coconut milk like thai kitchen organic .
i am very well pleased with my jawbone era .
the rotating arms stir the kernels as they heat .
it is linksys , a well known brand.big mistake .
it is awful and made my eyes water .
the only good thing about it is the carafe .
the spinning of the dvd itself was ridiculously loud .
the shaver is in fact a pretty decent design .
it is well constructed and quickly slices our bagels .
great for storing the appliance in the car .
i ca n't recommend the cherry one at all .
i use mine every week for sunday dinner .
i may never buy a protein bar again .
i have not seen her wear them much .
i started using this a few years ago .
it will only alter your perception of the series .
it gives the waistline a very odd shape .
it does n't take up much storage space either .
everything else about this mat is as described .
fitting on/around the buttons and switches is perfect .
purchased through amazon , but was a marketplace item .
to me that reads half biodegradable and half not .
just got the product in time for my bday .
this was definitely a waist of my money .
thankfully she is up and walking a milea day .
i was surprised how sturdy this strainer is made .
just ditch your old steamer and get this ! .
the fit appeared to be good and tight .
in addition i have also rooted my phone .
hard to find these large size hot pads .
the game 's physics made the game more enjoyable .
but it took forever to mix with the water .
i now have a sierra designs 2 person tent .
save your money.i am usually a very easy reviewer .
also , got tired of taking up counter space .
i prefer the atkins low carb bars instead .
they 're also good for cutting up certain veggies .
the on switch is big and easy to use .
i could n't use any mobile coupons or anything .
they work really well and serves there purpose well .
seasoning is done every time you use your pan/skillet .
more reusable/ less clumsy than the metal canning lids .
do not waste your money on ea sports games .
usb charger cable will not stay connected to heli2 .
american made craftsmanship died in the early 1980 's .
save a lot of money on your oils .
however i did not receive enough for project .
i took one look at these and returned them .
love love love this unit.i love egg salad .
if you mastered the moves you could be terrifying .
the second i started walking they started cutting out .
even after the novelty wears off in other words .
the mesh is good enough to sift cake flower .
will buy more for gifts in the future .
be sure to clean the seal ring occasionally .
it gives an excellent company a bad rap .
this battery makes this great phone only better .
i am using this for my htc incredible .
there is no mention that this is aluminum wire .
i much prefer the jolly time kettle corn flavor .
be careful when applying this to your face .
these socks are a bit of a puzzle .
you will get a little sediment when you brew .
kitties do n't like to be on wobbly things .
but this unit works just fine beyond that .
this headset was purchased to replace a jabra bt8040 .
so some work flawlessly , and some have issues .
she was much more into the xylophone pianos instead .
great idea but a real mess to clean up .
it also made my scalp very dry and uncomfortable .
it can get to an over pressure situation easily .
we have no negative comments on this machine .
i love the peekaboo flaps along one side .
the craftsmanship of this vacuum is quite lacking .
just what i needed for my 12 '' skillet .
a paper clip literally is less bendable than these .
you cant troll or land fish one handed .
this battery has 1800mah while the sony has 2100mah .
the pizza stone will last years if handled carefully .
i would recommend this oil for body therapy only .
so i shook it and tried it again .
the bread came right out and baked evenly .
the left handed one is a great knife .
i like coconut water but this flavor was awful .
very cheap material and gets dark and dirty quicklu .
it is next to impossible to pour without dripping .
not very life proof if you ask me .
it is just that without them , nothing works .
the way you can switch ears is very good .
this norpro stainless funnel is pretty close to perfect .
so choose the bigger size when you buy it .
well what i recived was a silver base .
people with allergies should consider using this steamer .
holds a good amount of water and nice filter .
this is my biggest complaint although still worth it.3 .
this one is good stay away from the other .
brews up a cup of coffee fairly quickly .
it does n't hold in the balls at all .
my cats love this to play and hide in .
i would recommend this case for iphone 4 users .
i have noticed one problem that is annoying .
it 's been set aside till they get older .
love the case and use it all the time .
seems well constructed and has an attractive appearance .
this product wo n't work on an iphone 5s .
the pan is sturdy and thicker than many brands .
i stick the probe in a cup of water .
this pressure canner is of very high quality .
i ordered these from amazon and not another seller .
like the city in the sky and twilight realm .
this is the best accessory for the tour ! .
but not as boring as the melee combat .
very basic everything but expected for the price .
i am going to buy another one right now .
got this thing and the first day it breaks .
my arm also felt dry like my hands .
ok i have owned this for over 3 years .
i think i bought a size too big .
i should have known better than to buy this .
there varieties were not much in this item .
i keep mine in an airtight dark place .
they also hold up well in the freezer .
it does look exactly like in the photo unfortunately .
i 've had the racks for about 4 years .
this knife is very easy to hold and handle .
which would have been a better size for us .
you can also regulate the amount of milk vs .
many other pans are lonely now in this house .
the perfect gift for people who have everything .
the whole machine was just a dust bin .
repeated efforts by various veterinarians could not save her .
so the company was nice and sent another .
this case also comes with a basic screen protector .
others it seems had the same blade problem .
i got this for when i do webex sessions .
fits securely to the side of my sink .
you can see a readout of the current temp .
then holes started appearing around the toe area .
red door puts poison & giorgio to shame .
i would recommend this coffee maker to other .
just warm when frothing milk for a single cup .
you do not regenerate anything while in the dungeons .
the tint is spotty and does n't apply smoothly .
i gave up and bought a usb keyboard .
on more then one occasion its found itself overboard .
overall i did not like and do not use .
comes in an attractive cream colored gift box .
or i ask my hairstylist to do it .
it is is not very sturdy at all ! .
i have gone through bottles of this stuff .
i bought these for my grandson and his friends .
there is also no etching from the dishwasher .
although paying about $ 55 for a 30 lb .
however , i struggled determining what size to get .
the view pans out then suddenly pans in .
they do n't fit tightly into the rail space .
you will not be sorry you bought this .
it perfectly fits a slice of pizza to reheat .
i mean , it is an iphone 3 people .
i will not be buying this particular color again .
my daughter loves this phone and the keyboard .
the title of the review tells the story .
good luck getting your dog to take these .
the phone still works , and still looks good .
well to start off the graphics are terrible .
all food has a rather intense taste to me .
you did what you said you would do .
the training missions are fast , smooth and fun .
the cuisinart is my choice behind the all-clad .
this cup fell far short of the mark .
this liner makes using the toaster oven a breeze .
it was a pain cleaning up that tea powder .
the problem with this is the shelf itself .
i fact the favorite toy is the orka ring .
the problem is with the micro usb section .
i especially like the ring that holds them together .
i 've had this for a couple of years .
it keeps the coffee fresh and hot for hours .
its easy to clean and it does not rust .
this is the 2nd identical switch to fail .
this toy is only suitable for little dogs .
the rubber seal came out of the dishwasher brown .
not so good for softer fare such as tomatoes .
it was just a complete bust with me .
it takes a bit of getting used to .
this is my third and last julienne peeler .
it fits the phone except for the camera part .
a couple of times she tipped it over .
i had to throw it out this morning .
in fact , i am charging it right now .
great price for a package of four replacement heads .
they do n't look expensive like uggs normally do .
they do everything they say and do it promptly .
these are a good natural alternative to sleeping pills .
the puled pork was extremely tender and surprisingly delicious .
i was very disappointed when i received this whisk .
one button turns it on and zeroes it out .
i ca n't imagine owning any other phone now .
bird came out perfect otherwise , well done throughout .
it pops regular popcorn within 1 to 2 minutes .
but having the option if needed is nice .
unscrewed the back panel to have a look inside .
purchased this toy for my daughter last christmas .
the material to me was very rough and stiff .
if you are 5'8 or taller do n't buy .
bought this for my son and he loves it .
this was the first of the smackdown games .
my husband went through 3 otterboxes to no avail .
this was a christmas gift for my daughter .
good for a boot tucker and not much else .
the oil pools to one side of the pan .
the is the second slicer i have purchased .
another week passed with no sign of grass .
this finish product is exactly at that limit .
the pictures are also really hard and overly detailed .
that has n't been an issue with the 320 .
better off getting needlenose hobby pliers from sears .
i would not prefer anyone to buy it .
way too expensive for this sort of performance .
i agree with what the other reviewers have said .
these bowl are perfect for cooking and storing .
not a very strong case for everyday use .
very compact & fits anywhere in the cupboard .
the offset gives more room to work without drag .
we love these for use by the pool .
maybe it 's fine if you live in alaska .
i spray the crackers and there 's my snack .
now i 'm convinced it was worth the price .
it was a nightmare & i am extremely patient .
everyone and their brother praised these to the skies .
they 're clear so you can see your food .
i 'm sending my daughter one for a gift .
fit & plug well in car cigarrete lighter socket .
i have been buying large tees all my life .
it left peeled off adhesive on the dashboard .
so really , the ai ends up doing everything .
i previously had a pair of sony noise-cancellers .
a must have for any samsung device owner .
for 10 $ you can get a comprable pair .
i never dip it in water or use soap .
she figures that it may be completely refreshing then .
i 've had them for about 4 months now .
it 's easier and cheaper than you might think .
jada pinket is hot and fun to play .
this is what happens when you cheap out .
this has been a great addition to our kitchen .
i also found grilling vegetables to be a pain .
the jawbone is the best in the in-the-ear class .
the charger can charge iphone 4 two times only .
get a defining eye brush and cut it straight .
the rest of me - not nearly so wet .
my guinea pigs have gone through many water bottles .
the knives get a little tarnish on them .
although this product carries your ds games nicely .
my first and last footwear purchase from amazon .
had to return six vests because of this problem .
my dog is a 90lb black lab mix .
my favorite part of the game is to .
he has a smart phone & a tablet .
i needed something small for salad dressings and salsas .
the invicta is going into the junk drawer .
*thumbs up* good quality material that they used .
was a huge disappointment flavor wise the money .
i chose the h680 and am not disappointed .
after four months of waiting on this thing .
and it was such a great price too .
it 's worth twice what i paid for it .
king 's natural medicine asthma sympton relief a try .
i really like the newer shape of this .
i 've had my tungsten for a month now .
real good pan though and have used it again .
i am very happy to have a new one .
i bought this for my son-in-law for christmas .
the handle is comfortable and easy to use .
cheap and it broke after a couple uses .
the next one will take less than 1 hour .
i washed well and got the job done .
came as described , on time and well packed .
i ordered this second one for my best friend .
a new filter is included in the box .
no need to convert between the measuring units .
i bought this with the 4 for 3 promotion .
i bought this cover a long time ago .
obviously , the water falls all over the place .
depends how much coffee i put into the filter .
it is cheaper and works just as well .
i was really looking forward to this game .
i am writing this after my first use .
so i grade it as a 50 $ speaker .
i would say they went overboard on these .
this earpiece works great and has great sound clarity .
the pairing was simple and the control intuitive .
i also like the colors available for the otterbox .
do not buy this item for your phone .
more predictable and sane camera angles , and 2 .
the stainless finish is attractive and easy to clean .
great features - except for the phone one .
and it was very unlikely to shatter if dropped .
toll free customer service on package dies n't work .
this is the most perverted game ever made .
do n't waste your money on this device though .
this machine is everything i was looking for .
purchased as a replacement for a 2004 ford taurus .
this griddle is a perfect size for pancakes .
at a low price its awesome and unlocked .
these weights would store just fine in the box .
my crusts come out so much better than before .
it is what it is said to be .
we have this one and the shorter one .
i quickly became very dissatisfied with that type .
for the company ? they went above and beyond .
protects the glass from minor drops and bumps .
it was bad my floormate leaked a lot .
i personally did n't like the extra long spout .
costco has tully 's for a much better price .
this thing did nothing to help get better reception .
dust particles are literally attracted to the adhesive .
my cat had absolutely no interest in this .
the scissor are not as sharp as i expected .
came charged with 20 minutes received after activation.9 .
we 're talking about random cars used as obstacles .
is great to have sellers that cary this item .
using again for our travels and we love it .
it 's just a flap like normal tighty whiteys .
it can be just like mine a decoration .
some have lighted nacelles , but not every model .
nice if company did more for quality control .
for the price , it is pretty much unbeatable .
did n't work at all except to move forward .
the area by my front door was another challenge .
i bought the shoe thinking they had excellent support .
i have n't owned a food processor in years .
these cards showed me that i was o- .
i received a huge box at the ups center .
still the cheapest whole window fan i could find .
looks great on a counter and very space saving .
i have several newtent products and they are great .
lifetime warranty is a big plus highly recommend .
it was the same as any other morning .
i love the side pocket for the manual .
what i always wanted was an additional bowl .
it keeps me from bottoming out my frothing tip .
you can lift the top to vent it .
i currently own the sog twitch and twitch ii .
i love that they interlock for easy storage .
i purchased the sand color for more formal dining .
i have n't had any trouble with them rusting .
i have 2 fobus holsters and love them .
i appreciate that feature every time i use it .
it needs something done about the gripping surface .
i someone would have thought of this sooner .
we had another model of airbed for several years .
but it simply could not manage the job .
graphics are choppy and load times are long .
works really great to have the retractable cord .
but once done i am happy with it .
when i plug in my iphone , nothing happens .
slow to apply if you are new at it .
this product does not work with my ibook g4 .
this eyeliner is a bit harsh to apply .
trying to hide the litter box is never easy .
we bought these hoping to keep supper warm .
many people just experience a numbing effect , etc .
i purchased this power pack back in december 2012 .
this is a nice case , and very pretty .
so far it is still in great shape .
i am writing this review half in the bag .
i slip the bluetooth on my belt and go .
at first , i thought this epilator was amazing .
sound quality on my end is clear too .
the pan is very deep i luv that .
this thing is light years better than old whisks .
works with my rezound extended batteries and lightweight .
my home has two occupants and no pets .
i 'm very happy with this purchase so far .
i just ca n't wear their slippers any longer .
that would make you a winner right ? wrong .
the cleaning process is mostly automatic and not lengthy .
it goes off by itself conserving precious battery power .
in fact , a little bigger than i expected .
it does n't hold much meat or veggies or .
matches the other fiesta turquoise items i have .
so best product for value which we are paying .
really hard to close them on the pill .
the software is a vast improvement over earlier versions .
the fabric of this top crawled on my skin .
this is my third case for ipod touch .
they are easy to use and set up .
also the product does not fit the iphone exactly .
realistic ? you cant even kill your own allies .
i know , for i own the entire set .
use these like they are going out of style .
this would have fit everything and prevented broken jacks .
he said it is great for making pizza .
pack were the size of a real peanut .
still , he could not get the problem solved .
this is a wonderful toy and feeding tool .
when i wrote it i loved the tungsten t .
i can just pop it in and go .
this product line is both functional and beautiful .
never fight to keep food from sticking again .
memory cards only come with 8000 or so memory .
i have been using mine for several years already .
i would recommend it ! very good price also .
cheaper can openers are just frustrating from the start .
it is so expensive and a lost my money .
24g sugar , 42g carb and only 6g protein .
i had all my information saved on it .
my iphone battery does not last all day .
for example iphone 4s with a skin fitted perfectly .
the black is so nice - not shiny .
other similar paper towel holders are glued instead .
calcium citrate is superior to most commercial calcium supplements .
this one is a definite plus for my kitchen .
i will probably buy more for around the house .
a perfect gift for any and all at christmas .
also , wax was smashed inside plastic bubble package .
these things are great for making applesauce fruit rollups .
very handy for all handles that may get hot .
but this is definitely not for sensitive skin .
buy the special cleaning pad for this pan .
this panini press heats up quickly and cooks evenly .
we enjoy our favorite tea leaves more often now .
what did i want for this price anyway ? .
the handle feels nice and very very sturdy .
i tried several ways to recover the pictures .
never put in dishwasher because it will damage pan .
i have neck injuries resulting in marathon migraines .
i would not order this shirt in the futere .
we loved how nice and simple the knives look .
i purchased this kit because of the strong reviews .
you can never go wrong with more power .
and it looks good sitting on my countertop .
no noticeable difference in the dog at all .
simply filled one when i emptied the other .
picture of bag says 'genuine hoover filter bags .
it is not as water proof as they claim .
its thickness embraces your food with even heat .
it did a good job of cutting-at first .
i keep seeing healthy treats and trying them .
a decent thermometer is essential to the process .
a shame too , because it was not cheap .
my last trash can was similar , different brand .
filter works great and fits the dustbuster perfectly .
i tried multiple times with almost zero cleaning .
it is also protecting the blades of your knives .
the product showed up when it was supposed to .
these things fit pretty well for being silicone .
i 'll update later if i have any issues .
you can barely tell it 's even on there .
it adds just a special kick to your phone .
it 's not bitter and has pretty low acidity .
we use both brown and white rice with it .
perfect for a quick lunch or side dish .
i tried to like this game but no dice .
i opened another bag with the same results .
then again perhaps i prefer the akg sound .
i just wish they had it in red .
magnetic tiles come in the warped squares with perforation .
i need to put it up 1/2 inch .
i 'd give this 10 stars if i could .
careful in positioning the pot under the spout .
maybe it could work better for someone else ! .
the case has too many flaws to list .
it is very difficult to hear it go off .
this will sure protect my daughters phone screen .
so i got a $ 30 one from mr .
handles on all lids and stockpot are solid .
but it wo n't power up the things connected .
it 's too short and too frustrating at times .
it was very overpowering and required water almost immediately .
cleaning the main units is still a pain .
help.maybe cheap headsets were better made five years ago .
very frustrating for both us and my son .
we decided to replace it with something else .
the iphone 3gs does not have that functionality.3 .
it 's easy to wash and is dishwasher safe .
this was the best thing about the order ! .
this did a great job of pulverizing our herbs .
product i have purchased from amazon this year .
the handle could have been more oven glove friendly .
i ended up only using a few times .
a great set at a great amazon price .
it just did n't work as a vpn device .
you get only the heat on your food .
cook tender steaks without the meat looking tenderized .
they work well to protect the screen from scratches .
this is great because he has kidney issues .
i doubt that i will finish the game .
fan started making a loud noise and just quit .
kind of liked the funky color combo too .
i think i will be using them quiet often .
it works and looks great on the counter .
my son could only use his right ones .
it has worked well for all of us .
a waste of money because i had ordered two .
what you pay for broke after a few months .
the wires are hidden , my speakers fit perfectly .
face is small but heavier than it looks .
a very handy item to have in the kitchen .
these gloves are excellent for a mildly cold climate .
nice soft rubber for a good feel and protection .
very thin and difficult to align because of it .
easy to snip your finger skin if not careful .
this has a nice appearance for home or office .
they do make a quality product at cuisinart .
item needed to be treated with mineral oil .
this corkscrew is well constructed and easy to use .
i wash it every few days with dr .
use at least once every couple of weeks .
after reading reviews i decided on this 2 pack .
my other one had a very uncomfortable grip .
i have to do restart the phone every time .
then it broke and does n't turn on anymore .
the volume sensitivity takes some getting used to .
i wanted a fan that would drown out noise .
i can not stress how faint that undertone is .
my next headset will be a higher quality model .
i only gope is that it last longer .
if you insert a card in your phone .
and no little view hole either like the picture .
and in guys , that can be a lot .
i am quite pleased with the six sizes .
i do not leave mine out on the counter .
he smelled it , licked the outside and left .
the explore mode can be a little disturbing .
i was expecting it to be a little bigger .
the machine works great when it is working .
this is what they seem to bank on .
serves me right for trying to save a buck .
have also not seen any improvement in fish health .
much sturdier build than i was led to believe .
wish i had n't of bought a 12 pack .
great grip , easy use and a durable product .
lasted a week before it got bent in half .
but i do n't buy a dedicated germination kit .
i got the ryu book and it told me .
this charger worked jus as advertised for my phone .
she destroyed these balls in a few days .
it does n't restrict water flow hardly at all .
good price and works well iphone and ipad .
in fact , it tastes quite bitter to me .
higher air movement setting the higher the noise level .
no ripping/spilling of coffee grinds if removing while wet .
place directly on nail and wrap with foil .
worked well , cake came out of pan perfectly .
they look very sturdy and are quite heavy .
i also own a 5qt lodge dutch oven .
the cord works great and i still use that .
penbo just was n't a good choice for us .
i just thru it out when i got it .
i highly recommend the neutrogena makeup remover wipes .
you can then tighten the screws with a screwdriver .
put the wine bottle on a cloth pot holder .
it made in china but it worth of money .
simply one of the best product lines in existence .
i also wish some of the holes were bigger .
worked for a week and then it stopped working .
so i bought this considering it had decent reviews .
charged up my samsung galaxy s3 no problem .
1.1 and i bought the 4.1 from amazon .
then we will never speak of it again .
i could n't tell that it was sweet tea .
and have never had a jam or anything .
i had to keep changing the background brightness .
it leaks just because it feels like leaking .
( i noticed another reviewer said they were unstable .
xl was way too roomy in the bottom .
i use this with an lg android phone .
adjustable hooks make it convenient for spacing out utensils .
it is very convenient to have in my vehicle .
next time i will but the twin pack .
see thru design makes the white phone shine .
we own 4 different types for catering and display .
these dishes are perfect for my little family .
i dumped the contents into a glass and gargled .
i was so excited to see a gluten-free bar .
there are so many different configuations it may work .
i found a powdered product that works better .
i had to run water and twist and pull .
the salve just did not work for our pup .
if you only make cheese fondue it is great .
also this unit does not have a slow speed .
i was so excited to find this toy .
it 's really a nice little piece of equipment .
you will never go back to micro popcorn again .
i tell the story to all of my friends .
there are a few tips to making them last .
gives a great feel to the moto droid screen .
i am enjoying my new micro usb cable .
i give it 2 stars because the fire starter .
i have found a way to reduce it .
one of the worst investments i ever made .
purchased for my 17 year olds i phone .
you see , merely mashing buttons is not enough .
overall i would never buy this product again .
so it may be alright for some cats .
however , i find it extremely difficult and frustrating .
that 's a two thumbs up and a win-win .
i did n't even realize it at the time .
this is by far the stupidest game ever made .
we gently smear it on with finger tips .
too bad as it was the real deal breaker .
i followed the directions for placing the patches .
amazon gave me a full refund on this product .
works great for cakes and easy to clean .
colored clay would have been a much better option .
the price was just unbeatable.i will highly recommend it .
was a very weak version of liquid zinc .
once you do they will not stay put .
purchased several of these for the family for christmas .
it almost tasted like a very bitter chocolate .
clean up is easy if you follow directions .
this was a waste of money for me .
this occurred multiple times , always after using this .
they are nice and thick without being heavy .
fondue should not be made in this pot .
the nutmegs you use must be fresh and hard .
i purchased this after reading the reviews on here .
the extra handle for lifting/pouring made her day .
it just stopped working out of the blue .
these are some real good bowls the lids stays .
i ordered a 9.5 , my normal us size .
i bought it second hand to begin with .
the vehicles just feel weightless and ridiculously unreal .
my cat is totally uninterested in this toy .
and i 'm playing on a rather large screen .
so beware only opens about 2 inches or so .
the articles i read on fake products was scary .
friend told me i had to have these .
i purchased this product after reviewing several screen protectors .
i replaced my old filter after a few years .
this item does not work with timex indiglo watches .
this pitcher is a beautiful color and very functional .
every aspect of it was paid excellent attention to .
the fan in this thing blows out cold air .
does not fit on my remi tactical defense .
the speech your squadmates shout is always the same .
then i began to use it over other day .
cooks quickly and everly and cleans up very easily .
then there was the special double sided tape needed .
just what i was looking for for oranges .
but the mane portion basically ruins this product .
there has not been a plastic smell since .
spend the extra $ and get a magpul ms3 .
it was going flat within an hour or two .
will return the second one for a full refund .
will not fit even without the gel case .
the bed is rather comfortable and inflates quickly .
most of my ribs simply do not fit .
these work great and i strongly recommend them .
i 'm going back to mac and urban decay .
it seems the device has been used before .
some people like it , but not for me .
i 've been using this for about 2 weeks .
this will really be handy while traveling or flying .
funny thing is it worked on ipod touch 4g .
drm is the down fall of pc gaming .
this product took a little while to mount .
i bought this mini chopper as a second one .
so buying a manual can opener made more since .
this is very nice because you get lost/confused sometimes .
i could not be any happier with my purchase .
i have no issue whatsoever with this headset .
nice quality and easy to put on the board .
it does what you tell it to to .
avoid purchasing these air dog squeaker tennis balls .
definitely too flimsy to embellish with additional charms .
i was not doing anything different or unusual .
a touch of class over the common brand .
the water flow from our kitchen faucet was anemic .
a minor problem but worth mentioning none the less .
did not feel much of anything on my face .
i appreciated the generous area for adding ingredients .
fun to browse and in many , many languages.15 .
i charge the battery pack about once a week .
they do not just snap on and off .
i 've used it once and am quite pleased .
we ordered these because they were on sale .
i feel its easier to handle and cook with .
i bought it for my 18 month old son .
you can do better at your local pharmacy .
this camera is at least 11 years old .
but yeah these ones did n't work for me .
durable connections to base charger and micro usb end.3 .
great for storage and easy open and close .
this food does okay based on this one metric .
seem to be high quality compare with the cost .
ive always purchased elago cases they are my favorite .
would give it a -2 if that was possible .
good for the price you cant beat it .
this was my first time ordering anything from here .
cheap popcorn seems to have the most unpopped kernels .
bought this to go with my new cutting board .
the shoe box in my nikes are quite roomy .
this game has some good maps for multiplayer but .
there is a power out port on the side .
you are not really likely to need this anyway .
i love barleans version of a chocolate green drink .
i loved these speakers for nearly 3 years .
i was pretty excited about this table tennis trainer .
this is truly a great case until now .
looks really high dollar and is of great quality .
these hurt my feet when i wear them .
the all-purpose slicer would probably be my favorite .
totally the most awful shopping experience fm amazon .
all in all i like this a lot .
i believe it was 8 with the solution again .
it is just a hard plastic shapes with lumps .
these spoons are very attractive and feel of quality .
this style nearly matches my beloved old set .
all the different sizes and the two different sides .
it 's a minor imperfection in otherwise excellent glassware .
in this little jobber though it works well .
they appear well made and create a tight seal .
it has no bearing or affect on game play .
i bought these to use in our non-stick pans .
they just lay on top of the fruit .
the heavy large handles make pressing garlic a breeze .
i ca n't see this thing surviving very long .
but it sometims hurt my eyes under sunshine .
it bends to fit the bottom of any pan .
so far it seems better than the apple case .
tonight i had small ribeye and it was wonderful .
the order was returned to amazon as defective .
this moon does not automatically phase at all .
only able to get it from their website .
lights and everything electronic in the room stops .
that 's the way it goes here in escondido .
it allows the ipod to both play and charge .
it is super sharp and gets the job done .
you can also hang it on a door .
i purchased a blue one more recently for myself .
killzone 2 is just plain not fun to play .
i wish i had bought this years ago .
hardly wore it and already it was ruined .
my daughter had the original roomba in her apartment .
you can feel the cheap sound when rotating it .
environmental fail.i put this in my own tank sprayer .
in my opinion this is not a quality product .
skip this and go straight to baby white .
there are detailed instructions available on the internet .
the keyboard and the feel of the buttons.4 .
google luggage theft bangkok to find that news article .
not just for ice tea - nice for cocktails .
the scent of this perfume is absolutely horrid .
this case fits easy and is n't too busy .
these styluses are quality items and not cheap imitations .
the average cup of coffee is around 100mg .
this phone was clearly not in mint condition .
this case is exactly what i was looking for .
they were expensive and did not fit well .
other then that it was a good product .
sometimes it will sound when i walk by it .
he also said that it made him more thirsty .
find something you truly love and buy that .
it took about 10 and lasted about 3 years .
i made sure the tub was bone dry .
it fit in perfectly on both our helmets .
overall , it comes across as kind of nasty .
here is a website with more information about salicylate .
i highly recommend picking up one or two .
seafood implies to me - either fish or shellfish .
it just did n't work out in the car .
this is a great hot air popcorn popper .
they were also very tight through the thigh .
i have a full size in my regular oven .
you can make coconut butter/cream in your vitamix .
i download one of the samples to the disk .
they are super quality products and work amazingly well .
my husband uses it for work and loves it .
one i look forward to using when needed .
it mounted well , feels solid and looks good .
this product did not work for my dog .
this product was really awful which surprised me .
this is a heavy and solid garlic press .
i reported the situation and the lot number .
use these biking , not so much in winter .
i use this for my spoon rest to .
we got six good years out of it .
this indicates that it is at the pressure selected .
this is the best for talking on the phone .
if they could only fix the battery problem ! .
i tried 3 of these before giving up .
it does n't have the standard sized usb port .
my dry hands like it better than my hair .
i store dehydrated and stables in wide mouth jars .
i was disappointed and had to send it back .
it was a waste of time and money .
and still do not have the card working .
just ordered extra when i bought the sweeper .
i guess it makes a good body moisturizer .
the heavy design distributes the heat evenly and efficiently .
i am so disappointed in this makeup purchase .
but i did n't expect it to work *perfectly* .
i believe you would call this a great multi-tasker .
in fact i may marry carrot juice one day .
like making a sandwich or cutting up some fruit .
i was pleasantly surprised with my first attempt .
i can hardly hear the music in my car .
i have had no problems with the machine .
they were literally the size of your pinky finger .
i was not sure what length to purchase .
they insisted that nothing was wrong with their food .
our dog found no challenge in retrieving treats .
pill pockets work well for several of my cats .
it has somewhat similar features as the oxo .
they are solid and durable and comfortable to handle .
i was not able to install this game .
so the ball just laid there , basically unused .
beware that they break easily and must be handwashed .
but once the mall is built it gets boring .
the sounds is way too loud for toddlers .
has inline volume and mute but never use it .
i just wanted to play an adventure game .
and now taking this product for a year .
i did n't even bother putting winter forest out .
fits my phone perfectly and protects it too .
i found the net very difficult to place .
the 2-gallon jar is available there too for 10 .
it 's also quite light for an air bed .
you can not go wrong with this whirley pop .
at least that is what the game tells you .
i bought myst iii over one week ago .
this lawnmower is very hard to push across grass .
this is my third otterbox and first defender .
i would love to buy this for someone.p.s .
i am looking for something else which actually works .
absolutely junk will not charge or hold charge .
i have returned them to amazon for this reason .
do not like that the surface scratches so easily .
it works perfectly with the samsung epic 4g .
this cable only works for sync with my ipad .
doesnt quite fit the front facing camera area .
i need to find a bit cooler place .
cooking with quality cookwear really does make a difference .
my first batch of jerky from steak was excellent .
they gave some help ideas that we tried .
you can get pretty creative with the configurations too .
save your money and buy something that actually works .
no idea why my cats would not eat it .
this makes it very difficult to make accurate cuts .
i 'm currently taking kenpo and needed a mouthguard .
basically i have to grind exactly 40 secs .
only complaint is that rainbow color stain after washing .
i got this at academy sports for $ 2 .
i lost both of them within miles of home .
it spends it 's life in a landfill somewhere .
it is sturdy and holds quite a bit .
i 'm able to prepare complicated meals and deserts .
imho this is slightly better than the moto hs850 .
quite frankly this vacuum did not hold up well .
these are not beautiful but are certainly practical .
first thing i noticed was how heavy it was .
you can make the best falling-off-the-bone-ribs using the p.c .
everyone should have a santoku in their knife set .
first items i used it on was onions .
in order of importance:1 ) it is extremely loud .
this device is great for coring and dividing apples .
i had high hope for this flat iron .
i have been using gillette products for 40 years .
seal the bag with some air in it .
within minutes of riding the boot was saturated .
the first bowl of this had gone bad .
these are good quality earphones that are dirt cheap .
as a whole this wallet felt very flimsy .
i have had my kettle for two months .
there are plenty of tasty flavored k-cups out there .
plus i can make my popcorn anyway i want .
i like them , use them all the time .
this shirt is way too light and flimsy .
this one has been anything but for me .
i 've had this now for about 3-4 months .
my husband had a problem with the wheels .
i was very disappointed ! the mixes tasted horrible .
this case fit my droid 2 global perfectly .
thanks to amazon for helping me discover them .
the sonic series has been doing very well recently .
it is a very cute idea but poorly designed .
needs to last longer than a month or two .
the good news is that it 's well made .
now it does not charge through the phone .
while it started out great it dragged itself along .
i am very sorry i bought it now .
i 'm tossing this and never using it again .
this outfit was just wrong in every way .
the one-star rating is only for amazon 's goof-up .
also beware of carpeted steps with rounded edges .
made my first cup and all was as advertised .
but the popcorn that it makes is perfect .
but getting it hooked up is sometimes impossible .
these ran a lot larger than my normal size .
i have been using these for a long time .
i only use these glove at the gym .
they are not large enough , and fairly inflexible .
the weapons are very standard - no imagination there .
your vet will tell you too.shame on mother hubbard .
i think they 're sewing in random size labels .
the knife can cut through apple skins like butter .
bough her a leappad2 which she much prefers .
i tried it and promptly gave it away .
that plastic will just snap with normal use .
my friend adviced me of this screen cover .
my husband is very hard to buy for .
i hope this does n't build up over time .
so not sure how to correct that problem .
regular trash bags work better and are cheaper .
for the money it is a great slicer .
i did not like this game at all .
we purchased this like 6 month ago or so .
foam pads fell off.within the first few weeks .
this almost led to a very costly issue .
she has impressed many with her new skills .
i had to flex the bottle to do this .
i ordered a m and could squeeeeze into it .
it works very well and is simple and easy .
small as hell comes dull barely a handel .
i mean , it is a glorified ziplock bag .
these armies can only be used on certain maps .
we finally gave up and bought another brand.you decide .
if i could give this zero stars i would .
this set comes with an 8 '' bread knife .
i do wish it were glass instead of plastic .
i did just that and this one works perfectly .
i wanted something that was n't bulky and heavy .
i think this is the best size i think .
too many bells and whistles for my little critter .
my employees use theirs for job site music .
i thought this was cute and would be great .
i use it at my computer desk a lot .
i think for some cats , this is great .
this game is a waste of time and money .
temp has stayed at 74ish for 2 months now .
this is a very useful item.an epicurean bon appetite .
i never have a problem with loose threads .
the pans really are nonstick and heat evenly .
brita has much more charcoal for taste/odor filtering .
the material is not soft velour as described either .
i am glad to buy made in the usa .
i would recommend this product to someone else .
i hate to chop so found this little gem .
if you plan on actually using this thing.4 .
either way , it is a piece of garbage .
this product isa little high but very nice .
this is my fourth otterbox for my iphones .
this line is owned by loreal btw.xoxoxolicensed beauty pro .
i hand wash them and dry them right away .
the iron recovers slowly after adding batter.- uneven heat .
first , it has no teflon-non-stick-who-knows-what-the-heck-that-stuff-can-do-to-you coating on it .
i was having the local supermarket slice my meat .
and i paid more for the special color .
and the sung-fitting lid is perfect for covered cooking .
this works great with garlic peeled or not .
the juicer is stored separately.powerful and quiet motor .
the other cord is only for charging only .
but this kitchen aid is by far my favorite .
and will start testing one after another other vendors .
and many cameras are not rated for this voltage .
hopefully that broken 2.5mm jack was a one-time thing .
scones , cookie dough and pancake batter so far .
it also will maintain a cumulative driver score .
this is a cheap tire in price and quality .
the coffee is always full-flavored and never bitter .
the shoes were too small in the width .
and let it run for another minute or so .
for a long time i sharpened with arkansas stones .
large d-ring on the top of the outer flap .
this case is n't just cute but very sturdy .
his or her stomach probably ca n't handle it .
had to switch to a different brand of moisturizer .
i tried it once and threw it away .
no where near as good as mvp 2005 .
i gave this to my niece as a gift .
do n't wast your money on this crappy game .
i am still glad i have it though .
i did not taste cashews or almonds at all .
the pots are thin , but not cheap feeling .
cotton rounds do fit in it no problem .
it also works on tripods as an adapter .
i am calling hhs and fda for review .
i bought these after reading the amazon reviews .
i purchase this product because it has great reviews .
29 , i turned the lock to release it .
that being said , this is a great product .
just plug it in and start mixing the batter .
i never had that problem with my old one .
it heats up quickly and makes great sandwiches .
they really help in baking a pie shell .
it is supposed to be based on unreal engine .
does exactly what it is supposed to do .
before you defend this game , think of this .
funny , i have never had a new one .
it smelled good but it pilled when rubbed in .
i would recommend the lodge cast iron to everyone .
it 's very powerful for a 5 gallon tank .
i tried the vornado cold-water humidifier from amazon .
this is a small easy to use blue tooth .
now wireless for me is available.linksys service suck .
the stone looks nothing like the one pictured .
there are many radio stations in this city .
this case is actually better looking in person .
i also have the emulsifier and dough hook attachements .
this may be good for a very petit person .
i would take android over symbian any day .
would be a great stocking stuffer for christmas .
i would say not for the serious baker .
i suppose they 're catering to the older generations .
flare ups happen fast on a hot grill .
until it was broken just over 1 week later .
i wish you better luck in enjoying the game .
it stated size in volume rather than measurement .
the sponge on the tip broke during first use .
it fits perfectly on a 22.5 '' weber kettle .
i would be wary about buying these earbuds .
its a break away so saves the phone .
kneading in the cuisinart , vs kneading by hand .
passed it to my husband to finish the bottle .
not a fan of the price per serving .
the price is great as is the can opener .
this thing will pay for itself very quickly .
it is really behind the times on these areas .
i love it ! quick delivery too ! .
you do n't want to appear to be cheap .
i was just expecting more for my money .
i wish that i had gotten a different one .
for the price i was expecting something more durable .
it looks good and feels good in the hand .
item was received quickly and was as seller stated .
i expected to slip these on & go .
the cooler it stays the longer the battery life .
the belt left a gaping back in jeans .
i am impressed ! and it smells so good .
the headset works great with my nokia n8 .
the cord stores in a very unhandy place .
but , this post is poorly made and unstable .
ice cream is always soft when it is done .
i honestly almost passed this presto powerpop gadget up .
a real help for audio conferences on the go .
i think i will probably getting the itrip next .
stir it up , and give it a try .
i only wish it would have come sooner .
and it was very unlikely to shatter if dropped .
fits my phone perfect and provides total protection .
my other broke so this is a great replacement .
it is very practical , i really like it .
instructions say to clean with a dry cloth .
i also own several of the 2-quart bowls .
did i say that i liked this case ? .
i could n't get into this game at all .
but does get in the way sometimes.i like it .
it came within 2 days so delivery was smooth .
occasional screen tearing due to slow frame rate .
you 'll see in the reviews for the dr .
this is even better than the wilton pan .
in fact , i have given both positive reviews .
horrible lol it smelled like it was expired .
i use them for cakepops and they work great .
i like meat , and i like slim jims .
after over 20 years my first food processor died .
i sacrifice the zomm and use 35-70 f2.8 instead .
so easy to store upright in minimal space .
i love this satin brushed salt and pepper shaker .
very nice looking and sturdy case for my iphone .
this is where the blue ant fell short .
most are made perfect and they last and last .
he absolutely loved it and makes popcorn almost daily .
but for me , it gets the job done .
once it gets lukewarm i stop drinking it .
otherwise it works fine and the coffee is goood .
hack & slash get 's boring after a while .
people can hear me , i can hear them .
i had no issue with peeling them off either .
my trusted cooking racks disappeared during a house move .
looking forward to tasting it after it ages .
this mount i used for about two years .
i would defiantly suggest you buy this screen protector .
the carafe has a good solid feel and balance .
it does n't taste like sriracha or potato chips .
i like the fact this is an over-the-ear headset .
my daughter loves it and so do i .
the medium and low settings are very quite .
again this flatware feels wonderful in your hand .
it does fill up fast and require frequent emptying .
cast iron is the original non stick skillet .
just realize the pot gets discolored after one use .
i have n't found the comparisons to be hilarious .
i 'm very impressed with my new soehnle scale .
i absolutely adore the jabra freeway bluetooth speakerphone .
i also use it to cook other stuff .
this is exactly what i was looking for .
it will not even start on your computer .
i bought this to help with my vit .
the color is much darker than what is pictured .
too many blurred and/or out of focus pictures .
no damage , but not really worth the effort .
ca n't get the hubby to put his on .
there are some reports that the dacs are blurr-brown .
they are definitely a choking hazard for a child .
in my opinion , this is a poor choice .
the controls are simple and easy to use .
fit the phone i purchased for it beautifully .
when it says motorola you ca n't go wrong .
this is an excellent idea for a double boiler .
enough bass and treble to suit me just fine .
the elevator broke almost immediately after opening the toy .
this is a plastic tub for the sink .
just know this ahead of time before you purchase .
but the bugs of the phone kill it.ps .
this is proving to be a wonderful investment ! .
what a great price for a good product .
i think it may have been rushed to market .
the first one i tried was the mango .
i just made a two-egg omelet for breakfast .
hopefully they 'll be a better fit and quality .
they are worth the extra money , by far .
they tend to be sweeter as they add juices .
i returned the first grinder at my own ignorance .
very nice design and functionality on all pieces .
one for a gift , and one for myself .
very useful if you are making your own cheese .
i have 3 dogs who are potty challenged .
in these levels the controls are rather loose .
it is light weight and goes on nice .
that is what my puppy chews the most .
the plastic handle seems up to the task .
there really are some good ones out there .
i purchased two different playtex bras with my order .
almost a work of art.good value for the price .
i have not received full refund yet from vendor .
this little charger arrived quickly and worked perfectly .
i purchased these because they were an inexpensive .
i am now ordering the donvier yogurt cheese maker .
neither of these works all that well , however .
i recommend using an old-fashioned cast iron griddle .
i can tell you we are not disappointed .
within three days , the volume button broke down .
this is just what i needed for travelling .
it doesnt provide much cushion for your hand either .
i will not be buying from this company again .
whirlpool does not stand behind its expensive kitchenaid products .
the george foreman grill is as it was delivered .
light and fluffy popcorn , very few unpopped kernels .
the wheel also possesses a few small rust spots .
pre and 10g post w/out followed by 20-40g .
it makes ironing my quilt blocks a joy .
this bandeau is not in the color taupe .
remove it and dry it after each bath2 .
these brushes are not even worth .50 a brush .
the sear you get with these pans is remarkable .
spend the extra money and get a better one .
the attachment is also perfect for my blackberry torch .
great thermos keeps my tea hot all day .
i have been using this for about 2 months .
i had one othese coffee grinders for years .
i have really enjoyed using this product everyday .
no wonder i had never heard of it .
i had a 10-gallon tank with some beautiful mollies .
this was considered to be more than tolerable .
this wrist support does n't give enough of it .
a lot of power with the 700 watts .
i purchased this product because of the price .
very well made and they work very well .
the sound is good even in noisy environments .
beeps when heated and beeps again when done cooking .
it is heavy and solid and heats extremely evenly .
i ended up using it for months on end .
but for me this size is just fine .
the next morning resulted in a dead mouse .
the sony was not recognized by my mac .
the pot rack makes my kitchen look finished .
returned them because people said they fall apart .
but other than that it does its job .
but it turns out to be extremely complicated .
nice little cable and nice deal as well .
this is a very nice case for the droid .
you probably would like dawn of magic or spellforce .
the plastic lid occasionally pops up but no biggie .
i had a need for several of these cnargers .
better than my calphalon commercial pots in my opinion .
it also claims to have a desulfation mode .
it always toasted both sides of my toast .
what really bugged me is the death star attack .
also , the colour does not match the picture .
i wish , truly wish i liked this stuff .
they are showing excessive anger toward each other .
i still have not found a good antenna .
perhaps you could set some reinforcement through the center .
not a thing loose or missing on the machine .
it may be due to my car set up .
careful reading and the price should have warned me .
clean up is just wiping with a paper towel .
these ivr features have been around for a while .
the older model with mechanical rollers was much better .
i did take the fishing rod away though .
this is perfect for little individual loafs of bread .
too tedious to work with the smaller one .
i just thought feldman really over stated the machine .
we wound up just playing by our own rules .
when used properly this works well with the thermapen .
this is my first purchase of a pasta maker .
does a great job of processing 3-4 garlic pods .
it works great and charges my phone faster .
voice recognition in this game needs some work .
the heavy weight and cooking efficiency are great .
this is one rash you really do n't want .
the bonus pitcher separates the juice from the froth .
a good alternative to the fancy high dollar ones .
it strips the skin and is very drying .
also the rubber part started peeling off also .
i have this is both rough and smooth stone .
it removes all the air from the bottle .
also the metal used is so thin it bends .
this is a great addition to my kitchen .
my dog loves the wellness grain free canned beef .
is the cup large enough for the dogs mouth .
see review on the chews for petite dogs .
would have torn up my butcher block work surface .
oh well i can always make my own .
there is no metal band inside the plastic .
an added plus was a free 2-pack screen protector .
xentan has a darker version than this one .
these gloves work very well with my iphone 4s .
it stays on firmly and never falls off .
yes , you can make rice on the stove .
i read a lot of reviews to get this .
i bought these headphones for use with my ipod .
they spin to make it easier to see .
the onions kept getting lodged between the blades .
i make myself so i wo n't waste it .
certainly not enough to do anything for your hair .
would not recommend this product for experienced makeup artists .
this is physics to a whole new level folks .
i have this skin for other devices too .
plantronics is an amazing cell phone headset company .
the case can only be used with this stand .
like several other reviewers noted on the mr .
very disappointed after less than a year use .
for standard home use you ca n't go wrong .
very good for the price of $ 20 total .
i would love to see them do so .
it has changed my cooking chores for the better .
they are easy to use and have held-up well .
this is a nice product for a good price .
the chocolate chips were not even normal sized chips .
no compromise.basically this is just a well-designed unit .
works grate i have recommended to several friends .
i 'm happy although lens zoom is pretty tight .
i use this every time i use my mixer .
for the price , this was a great buy .
we actually received 2 for our daughter last christmas .
i 'm not usually a fan of kitchen gadgets .
i will be ordering some other sizes as well .
these are too thin and sag way too much .
i have spoken to them personally on the phone .
also it is rare that i get acne .
better tasting food i know whats in it etc .
it tastes weak and tainted for some reason .
i will sing the praises of chicago metallic again .
we used this probably for the first week .
this concept is a great for little kids .
i plan on doing just that of course .
mighty mite is a good name for this vacuum .
this was simple and actually made me smile.2 .
very easy to see all items placed on it .
it tastes as good as your lemons are .
the dell venue pro is emotionally difficult to review .
knives to use with my new silver ware .
i bought this because it was only $ 2 .
i still think my purchase was well worth it .
a hard copy would have been very helpful .
we have also baked pasta dishes in the oven .
i was n't happy with the product after all .
it could n't even handle two cups of lentils .
it disperses heat evenly and maintains it well .
surprisingly , the plastic can hold odors that transfer .
this is the best pot i have ever purchase .
this was a waste of money for me .
this is a truly great knife with great design .
this was probably the best decision in a while .
still not sure how to work all the features .
this is my personal choice for screen protectors .
the player is still sleeping in my closet .
tried two different boxes of annie chun 's noodles .
the programming work done by titus is stunning indeed .
so that kind of stunk but oh well .
why ? there is no reason for the flashing .
it is easy to holster and unhoster my iphone .
i unplugged it at 602 am april 9th .
it 's thinner then both in terms of width.4 .
my life was perfect.that is , they were perfect .
i know why this is called max payne now .
they seem to be sturdy and hopefully long lasting .
i bought the orthaheel tide slide in green/tan .
it looks like a brand new vacuum cleaner .
now we still use it several times per week .
nuked it for the recommended amount of time .
the squeakers come out very easily and are small .
i needed a food processor for occassional tasks .
not a real fan of the bun warmer version .
the phone slips in easily and stays in place .
they were suppose to fit various size barrels .
it is not difficult to clean or assemble .
the brush is gently curved & very flexible .
you can also save money on a sandwich press .
so i read the three pages of tiny instructions .
very disappointing because i really did love this case .
the tuning failed to work well within several weeks .
strawberries work as long as they are ripe .
will be ok for a backpack or coat pocket .
i 'm very satisfied with the product and service .
i had high hopes after reading the reviews .
it may as well have been a placebo .
this is absolutely a must have for mason jars .
i love 'em and would highly recommend 'em .
this keeps the counter clear and neater looking .
bought this in april and installed in may .
this product was too good to be wasted .
yesterday i bought several boxes for 2.48 a box .
and it shuts off after taking a picture .
i am taking it along with other vitamins also .
very serious issue is the left over wax .
use a large bowl it pops fast and lots .
the quality control on the flavorings is horrible .
the clean lines make them easy to clean .
i do not recommenced buying this to anyone .
you 'll have to get used to the difference .
this overpriced piece of trash does not open cans .
turns out that it tastes just like apple juice .
and i tried different and clear channels too .
( you can get this in white or black .
save yourself the trouble of having to return it .
this is non-electric so no chance of that .
you have to choose one or the other .
this book stand is highly adjustable and functional .
for the price it should last a lifetime .
great for what it says it should do .
the suction device is also pretty easy to clean .
i of all people should have known better .
i belief i read this on their website .
i suppose you get what you pay for .
a very expensive bubble gun made very cheaply .
it grinds finely and is easy to use .
if i can return this knife , i will .
amazing how little this thing cost from amazon .
my regular wand actually makes my hair look smoother .
i like it because it is light and compact .
for those of you who have corelle you know .
the sucker did n't go beyond my lower thighs .
the bread pan has a good non-stick surface .
vornado fans are expensive , but worth the price .
but the poping and clicking is driving me crazy .
you will find yourself using it for countless tasks .
i did it exactly 20 minutes and rested 10 .
dimensions are correct and case fit device well .
customer service counts and this company sure is lacking .
i am very sorry i purchased this toaster .
in 3 minutes you will have perfectly popped popcorn .
this pan was used for the first time yesterday .
bought this skin for the htc sensation 4g .
they all said these jeans run a bit large .
it doese crital damage to rock and fighting pokemon .
this is now my first go to wisk .
however , this is still a very reasonable purchase .
got this for xmas and really love it .
my water tastes cleaner and there is no odor .
this was not the right option for me .
i use a popcorn size that minimizes this effect .
it 's easy to clean and put back together .
this case does both at a great price .
i received this digitizer in a few days .
it 's worked as a router supposed to be .
the motor is weak even with a new battery .
this is one of my daughter 's christmas gifts .
this batch only had about six unpopped kernels .
had to transfer batter into a deeper bowl .
their very easy to clean with no mess .
when the waffle is ready , the device beeps .
what i received insteadwas a blue mylar-fused zip-top bag .
all came well sharpened and ready to go .
these are quite powerful for how small they are .
it turn off during phone conversation or playing music .
they respond to email inquiries immediately and politely .
i went by the reviews and tried this blender .
it is on the best buy web site .
i have mine in my kitchen to hold cookbooks .
much better sound quality with the panasonic kx-tca93 .
just what i needed on my new stove .
these would be a great gift item too .
or if you inspect and replace every 6 months .
the chest is sturdy and does not shake .
they were highly recommended and i see why .
end-grain boards are much more difficult to make .
it is not more big than a s2 .
it is easier to manipulate and roll around freely .
releases from pan with just a little quick release .
too bad it did n't last one whole day .
i am using a fujitsu laptop for burning .
my problems were n't the same as the others .
can go straight from the stove top into oven .
difficult to get in and out of pocket .
i love the flexibility of the different settings .
have been wanting one of these for year .
the furniture was fairly easy to put together .
i use the two pans probably twice a week .
i used my popper and it worked very well .
then i forgot about it for a while .
this wasnt what i expected out the oil .
i bought this as a gift for my sister .
is 8 inches long by 3-1/2 inches diameter .
i tried a cheese grater and broke the handle .
the packaging is way better than the eyeshadow .
excellent hook to hang the python 50 ft hose .
i plan to order another to have on hand .
it gets four stars for its price range .
i think this company needs to research queen size .
as with any headsets i broke these too .
no more running out at the least opportunr moment .
i use it 3 to 4 times a week .
i would highly recommend this coffee maker to anyone .
i will be purchasing more in the future .
i ca n't recall it coming off by itself .
it worked well - my skin is smooth .
tried this on and the sides buckled and gap .
the rubber seems to be of much higher quality .
she has not be come a toaster oven queen .
i received 2 usb to micro usb cables .
it is more environmentally friendly than the keurig .
filter worked fine for 3.5 months and then died .
i suffer from acne and wear makeup every day .
sending it back seems too much of a pain .
i just did not enjoy this at all .
i only wish i had realized the difference sooner .
this is a great oil / grease funnel .
i am expecting them to last a while .
in fact i would almost call it heavy duty .
those are the only two pros of this game .
ugh this foxy curls was a waste of money .
if you ever bake at all you need this .
i was concerned about how up-to-date the map was .
the little box they provide does not hold together .
this is all within six weeks after purchase .
this pan is the perfect size for my family .
also , i thought the packaging was just fine .
i bought two of them to give as gifts .
have used it for many months now no problem .
for my purpose the cord lenght is just right .
it hurt as soon as i took a step .
i would recommend doing this before starting the game .
i literally could not move where i wanted .
great product , highly recommend and would buy again .
these were inexpensive and were delivered very quickly .
but it 's just not meant for regular use .
this is one time cuisinart let me down .
i also really enjoy the dragon quest games .
this does exactly what it was designed to do .
i thought the graphics were average at best .
goes well with the rest of my fiestaware .
all the pieces are top rack dishwasher ok .
it basically feels like you have the a.c .
i can not charge two phones or battery chargers .
just a little cornmeal keeps the pizza from sticking .
they say the same things when they get hurt .
i have several that are in a box .
some people get this game and some do n't .
i rinse the nozzle each time with warm/hot water .
i have all 3 and would definitely buy again .
the back of the phone is protected well .
saves on electricity and never burns any food .
the fit is very comfortable for me also .
i think different products are coming from different vendors .
it is beautiful with a smooth , shiny finish .
i 've been making shortbread for over 55 years .
i give the skillet away to my housekeeper .
this works great and the quality is impressive .
but i love my espresso and steamed drinks .
build quality is great and no problems so far .
the first 2 last a reasonable amount of time .
but i saw no additional or faster growth .
real deal i use this stuff almost every week .
relatively shallow , so more to clean up afterward .
the sponge material used on these is extremely inferior .
yes , there are small areas to get into .
would like it to be a little more flexible .
i wish i can give this a 0 star .
i went ahead and bought a larger battery .
it was very easy to put together and hang .
i picked this game up a few months back .
keeps the coffee warm longer without additional heat .
this black one matches with everything ! absolutely love .
i finally decided to grind semi-frozen pork shoulder .
it is a piece of cake for both tasks .
a padded envelope would have done.worth the price .
oxo has done a great job with these .
had seen it on america 's test kitchen review .
the camera is controlled by turning the mouse .
it 's really made to be in your bag .
easy to use as well , definitely recommend it .
taste was good but not worth the effort .
it is a great product and well made .
would purchase this item and from this vendor again .
i 've owned my transmitter for several years now .
they look nice but are very poorly made .
this writes very light and skips a little bit .
especially since the price has gone down even more .
it lacks the complexity of fragrances that are interesting .
there must not be any antibacterial in this soap .
it fit me fine but it was really uncomfortable .
replaced my last set i had for 7 years .
it has been called nature 's calcium channel blocker .
would not repurchase and would definitely not recommend .
see similar comments about the 77 mm tiffens .
just remember to watch your very first batch .
closed the lid and set it for 20 minutes .
so this crumb tray was a great selling feature .
i have used it innumerable number of times .
but then so is fruit of the loom .
lasts me at least 3-4 days of of lately .
however my husband wishes it was a bit larger .
it looks washed out compared to the epic .
i actually got an upset stomach from them .
its special ingredient is a packet of dry yeast .
the more fool me , because i love it .
all the components are built well and very solid .
they are well made - just as described .
migraines are a very tricky affliction to control .
if you have an athletic build , avoid it .
it is non-toxic for my pet family members .
makes the phone easier to handle and text with .
purchased this for my wife and she loves it .
i bought this and the bristles fell out .
expect to buy another one within a 2-3 years .
this is a good product for drying out vegetables .
i got this product a few days ago .
seems like this model is just consistently buggy .
wap54g is maybe the oldest 802.11g out there .
i have owned this thing for over 4 years .
maybe it 's just not the one for me .
the defender series ) do not have this functionality .
the shutter locks closed every second or third picture .
it feels like professional quality and works great .
it split mostly but stuck to the top more .
the legs fold in so they store away easily .
it is a large size for the cost .
this works as good as any corer should .
but for the price you cant beat it .
and you will reap what you sow in kind .
not even an hour after drinking the cramps started .
even the spice flavors are muted and off .
i was very excited to try this game .
however , the simple and easy-to-clean design are fantastic .
old son was so disappointed as was i .
anywhere you want to have a towel handy .
i got one of these as a gift .
the item does not work due to improper design .
i particularly like the locking mechanism on these tongs .
firm ergonomic handle allowing for good dexterity and leverage .
this charger is very small and very light .
this tuna has a very strong fishy taste .
the included recipe is good and worth a try .
seamless integration with ipod , its tiny and cool2 .
they usually sleep in our twin size aerobeds .
whenever it has all bars , it is fast .
i decide to get my health back in order .
like the four different sides that can be used .
perfect for sippin some booze on the rocks .
it has the most tedious interface of any game .
i would qualified it as perfect , no flaws .
the arrived and felt like thin cheap plastic .
perfect healthy lunch meat with nothing icky in it .
i just do n't care for this at all .
this is a good product and works well .
these platters goes well with all my table settings .
it fits absolutely perfectly and went on smoothly .
they work very nicely together and look awesome .
i 've been looking for them for along time .
i 've had these before and we loved them .
i have a pistol grip mossberg 500 cruiser .
there was something very off about the flavor .
does not lag the responsiveness of the screen .
it works as intended and looks really cool too .
i do wish bunn made a unbleached version .
my wife and i are new to dehydraying food .
i will not ever again buy nyx products .
great protections for my phone , lightweight yet sturdy .
i found the recipe in thescandinavian home cookingcookbook.recommend .
i may try a metal one next time .
used it to tenderize chickenthighs and it worked great .
my son loved to play with this toy .
each would only last 2-3 months - sometimes less .
he prefers his red wagon or crazy coupe .
for the price i doubt it can be beaten .
i never write amazon reviews and here i am .
i think they were going for a rugged looked .
i say wait untill the price drops to buy.p.s .
i have to reduce from 5 to 4 stars .
they 're way more legitimate than the official website .
he now carries his droid everywhere he goes .
once turned on , it was a huge let-down .
disk 6 , the kenpo x workout was missing .
i do n't know why this got good reviews .
the back has a 4 level led battery indicator .
i bought this and had to return it .
so that does n't leave much shelf time here .
i own this product for about a year now .
2 ? well now he jumps just like mario .
i had this machine for about 3 weeks .
also a great headset for a hands free device .
the answer is , you buy a rice cooker .
this is cheapest way to get to 300mm .
i 'm going to try another brand next time .
the shells came out of the pan very easily .
i holds good charge and does not overheat .
that was fine initially since it was a refurb .
the coffee is cleaner , clearer and not murky .
this growth serum did not work for me .
this is a huge bag of the repellent .
i read others reviews about the blushes arriving broken .
the blade is extremely sharp and cuts easily .
please listen to buyers who do n't want activations .
i had so many hope in this pen .
the price is perfect and the quality is great .
i look in the mirror and see dry patches .
it dulls extremely quickly and is very poor quality .
another neutrogena product that amazon is not carrying .
this wheel did not last a whole month .
but thicker also means the phone is more protected .
this rokform case for my iphone 4s looks great .
this looks wonderful hanging from the pot rack .
the valterra is much easier on batteries too .
i would n't order these anytime in the future .
but we also use it for other foods .
about the size of a normal persons pinky finger .
i think they meant to say age 5+5 .
the color is fading and chipped in certain areas .
it 's still a good case for show though .
it will dwarf practically any pan you have .
after all that , breville never answered my e-mails .
they are standing up to vacation renter 's abuse .
but that is not what happens in this game .
item arrived promptly with a collection of tools .
want to buy some for myself at some point .
the mophie air still looks so much nicer .
my daughter loves it and so do i .
this is the third one we have bought .
then i reattached the trash can and brace .
i really like the feel of the knife .
the most flexible mascara wand i 've ever used .
i bought this to use in my kitchen .
there are two obvious advantages to a stovetop kettle .
this toy functioned fine where my dog is concerned .
rather , it was a bug that i caught .
that is why i quickly both this second pair .
this is a really nice case for the galaxy .
wrote to the company for help - got none .
save your money and use an air nozzle instead .
we would not buy one of their products again .
pay careful attention to the length of these .
one thing i like about ms over mr .
they should work on making it less watery .
arrived with broken hinges so i sent it back .
this is a pity game for the genre .
i was completely disappointed with this product by russell .
it registers fairly quickly and has a wide range .
i use this charger to charge my anker batteries .
the case fits really well and looks really great .
it is not the wimpy .5 amp charger .
the clear water level is easy to see .
we know the concept and instructions are sound .
expect intuitive city management and troop creation menus .
but the itching was enough to consider returning them .
so if you have naturally curly , keep looking .
everything just seems so cheap with the model .
this is a wonderful dutch oven by lodge .
she got confused a lot and just sputtered around .
i think this is due to its sweetness .
the description said it worked with the nikon d200 .
i put the strips on the recliner last night .
this was my choice and i love it .
functionally they fit fine but aesthetically it looked strange .
came first and works great for the cost .
she had her dad put it together immediately .
having to unlock everything again is not fun .
did i mention that it looks good too ? .
i have never used one with a guage before .
yet the chicken was very crispy and very juicy .
one of my best purchases in recent memory .
this is a great expresso maker to learn on .
mystery of the abbey is far superior to clue .
i 've purchased more than a few of these .
i bought it for my underarm and feet persepiration .
i really like the design of this juicer .
rpg fans should really turn away from this .
i 'm fairly simplistic in my use of mayo .
the supplied instructions are poor and difficult to understand .
there is no pain or discomfort when holding it .
this one is great & surpassed my desires ! .
they definitely look more expensive than they are .
in this game it is just the opposite .
but i might have gotten some bad ones .
and that would be what you would need .
this bra is made out of very heavy material .
but i broke down and bought the belkin .
i searched through lots of reviews for rice cookers .
i bought this mainly to do shredded cheese .
the digital number display is hard to read .
i highly recommend this for accurate oven temperature .
i was not expecting it to be so bright .
i ordered 4 28-ounce bowls and 1 2-quart bowl .
a wireless router with a print server built in .
i ordered this for my son who has allergies .
i was first very disappointed by the smell .
this product was perfect for my hoover vacuum though .
my dog is a 12 pound chihuahua/poodle mix .
i also bought the 8 inch chef 's knife .
the entire palm has opened up and flaps around .
the product arrived with black streaks all over it .
it turs off automatically and keeps rice warm /fluffy .
these little guys become a part of the family .
wife loves how it works on drapes to clothes .
this is one of my favorite kitchen tools ! .
almost impossible to read in dimly lit environments .
i guess you get what you pay for .
i had one of these a few years back .
none of them seem to be going anywhere .
the sound quality impressed me most of all .
i cried when my old pizza stone broke .
maybe someday still the adventure company will redeem itself .
the grillwork is safe and removes for easy cleaning .
the designers say the game is sandbox style .
hate that i had to wait 2 weeks however .
like the walls were moving farther and farther away .
they said they had a bunch of bad chips .
talk time is not as good as the 320 .
or they complain that they want their phone naked .
but i would never purchase from oneida again .
i used to own this seiko black monster .
i actually use this right now in my bathroom .
nevertheless it 's fabulous to have in my kitchen .
i was lucky enough to get one that works .
if they work for you they 're worth it .
i will keep them for future use though .
pay the extra money and get something quiet .
just not happening on this one for my kids .
his attitude was the smell will go away .
anyway , this iron is completely out of control .
i waited many years desiring a kitchenaid mixer .
peptides signal the dermal system to produce more collagen .
but i do like my new kitchenaid mixer better .
you can squeeze about 7-8 slices on it .
you get to control what is in the food .
do not make the same mistake i made .
it really should have came from kitchenaide this way .
but i am not going to buy it .
the cutscenes are cool but way too long .
i bought my anker 8400 here on feb 2013 .
this is not it.may work for very mild acne .
it works better than i thought it would .
could have pealed it off and reused it .
does not work as well as other brands .
i only used it for a few days .
this seems really cool and fun to use .
but this is largely because of the packaging .
i bought this rice cooker today from store .
they brought this toy for him to play with .
to me , the poor quality was strike one .
i also really like the weight of this pen .
your fingers at at serious risk using this .
there was absolutely no arch support - none .
so i threw this puzzle into the garbage .
sounds just as good , still in one piece .
i am pleased and would recommend this to anyone .
cars slightly to the side see almost nothing .
also rather thin so not optimal for coverage .
highly recommended and well worth getting for the kitchen .
heavy foam is my only complaint against this juicer .
i swear by this company and buy nothing else .
i really did n't care for it at all .
worked as it should and decent phone for me .
it works wonderfully and so easy to install .
additionally , the teeth are not sharp at all .
i sleep better now than i have ever have .
they state 'hazardous materials are beyond classification limit ' .
the hinge snaps off every time i open it .
i chose the 5-8 business days shipping i think .
super glue held it momentarily , then broke again .
thankfully , this mat does not smell like that .
however , it did nothing for my blonde eyelashes .
i bought this when i bought my iphone .
these are the cheapest chargers i have ever purchased .
not to mention it 's flat and almost tasteless .
misto sprayers have always been good to me .
the magnet in this thing is really strong .
too bad because i love the slipper otherwise .
they protect my phone form scratches and smudges .
the paper towel holder came earlier than expected .
i bought this food processor almost on a whim .
this stuff is just a powdery waste of money .
unreliable and tiny power bricks that run hot .
two and three pots a day it performs flawlessly .
i wo n't be dealing with non-amazon sellers again .
these mentioned affect how well the phone functions .
you could find something suitable at many retailers .
its sort of chunky but not gritty at all .
the chicken jerky products are imported to the u.s .
henckles makes the best low/mid budget knives out there .
i examined it by looking through it objective first .
i 've owned the dyson dc07 since about 2002/3 .
there were 5 star and 1 star reviews .
naturally , the amazon warranty expired a week ago .
worked for 6 hours , then just stopped transmitting .
when the remote is working properly is works well .
use sally hansen 's honey wax with cloth strips .
i bought two of these original blackberry batteries .
the songs get hung up or keep restarting .
oxo designs great products and this is no exception .
the ear pices is just the right volume .
recently took the icarrier for a convention in nyc .
have contacted seller and will see what they say .
i 'm going to return this piece of junk .
highly would recommend this to anyone.now the bad parts .
it looks really well built and arrived quickly .
the push button to start and stop work great .
now i know what 's in my ground meats .
this case is really loose on the iphone 4s .
soooo much better than using those stupid draining bowls .
other than that i would give it no stars .
this is the best blade grinder i have found .
i wish i had room for one more .
the rosle can opener is a superb gadget .
these are two fundamentally different knife care techniques .
syncing media with your iphone is much easier .
removed all the pet stains from our carpeting .
using this on an older version iphone 4 .
it 's far more attractive than it looks on-line .
they sent me purple for my little boy .
they are just too many to keep up with .
makes it so easy to remove baked goods .
my daughter has 3c-4c hair that eats up moisture .
samsung is a great company making great products .
i bought this to put non-dairy coffee creamer in .
for general around-the-house use these fit the bill perfectly .
no , wait we are going to save it .
gets my hands dirty but they clean up .
it 's a car charger with two usb ports .
that 's about the only plus to this product .
thinking about buying the f1.8 instead and trying that .
and it arrived days before the early estimate .
the pots has a nice weight to them .
the manufacturer claims this will fit a sig 2022 .
it lasts 75 % more than the original one .
this product is exactly what it said it was .
many cases out there and a lot of junk .
there would have been blisters in no time .
i definitely need to get more of these .
my experience with this product was very disappointing .
i used this thing from 4:20pm to 6:00 pm .
i generally wear my hair in flat twists .
it made me gain weight and i felt aggressive .
this product is just trading one aliment for another .
it needs a large work area to function properly .
i would not buy it at full price .
i agree with the positive reviews for this product .
my previous bread machine was a 10-year-old welbilt .
this acetone did not soak off very well .
i like tasting the liquor these were creamy taste .
they are hefty so hopefully wo n't easily break .
the mustard colour is very unique and it pops .
it is expensive , but it is worth it .
the denim on these was super this and hard .
i ca n't even describe how bad it is .
i have had other brands which tasted better .
i tried this flat iron instead of the chi .
as a moisturizer and cuticle softener , 5 stars .
i have not used these bottle stoppers yet .
i would never buy anything form her again .
it 's tiny and very low on the unit .
the bottom of the soles are also very slick .
i think one person is still using his .
i admit , i was skeptical about this popper .
i had to throw away all of them .
mine worked reasonably ok for about a week .
we have had no problems with the commuter .
not falling off the highway falling through it .
the dust and pollen is drawn into the water .
letratag tapes provide only 13 feet of tape .
this is not the case with digital cameras .
they make a few different sizes and types .
not sure if i will buy this again .
resumed the project as soon as the juicer arrived .
then i tamp it down firmly but not hard .
i tried to use it to moisturize my hair .
i guess i got what i paid for .
makes a great fondue , they use it often .
grinds enough coffee for a 12 cup pot .
i am a fan of any horror surviver game .
it did nothing after many months on it .
that way i get exactly what my wife needed .
i also used my new silpat mat with it .
it takes away from the fun of the game .
if they worked i would recommend them but ! .
people are complaining and amazon does absolutely nothing .
it is airresponsible to produce products like this .
i have used it for nuts and veggies .
i have had no problems with it at all .
this works great for my kiddo with asthma .
i am fostering a 12 lb italian greyhound .
keeps the wine from becoming too much like vinegar .
my case takes all of 2 seconds to remove .
i have owned one of these burr grinders .
this stuff appeared to have no affect at all .
i really like the concept of this stove .
i have owned this pot for 8 months .
the storyline in the second is top notch too .
better than pre-molded plastic and worth every penny .
this game has a total of 16 of them .
the 2nd time it was sold by lowerpriceusa .
has held up well through multiple pizza batches .
the audio quality when playing music is so-so .
back to sears for one that will hold up .
i always put it off for another day .
amazed at the ease of use considering the size .
just stay away from this pile of garbage .
and keeping it out encourages you to use it .
charging for this headset was by usb only .
it will be the last scoop you buy .
my only complaint is that it is really loud .
3g speeds will vary.- aws/1700 band for 3g .
like the color good grip and a good fit .
the seller i recommend is put group usa .
the rave reviews by others here are short sighted .
it worked for a few hours and then expired .
i do n't intend to finish the full month .
nice gadget to have around the house , though .
the colors are very vibrant and appear as pictured .
i feel good to cut bones on it .
both very fun squad play in first person .
it is very good for lingerieand other small items .
hopefully it will last me a long time .
instead , this game is just a looonngg mission .
pressing the dial in also has function as well .
i guess you get what you pay for .
the extra battery is a must for now .
i read other reviews and decided to try it .
i especially like its ability to vacuum under beds .
it was they size of a credit card .
the food started sticking within 8 months of purchase .
barbers have said no to giving me a shave .
five star if they 'd make a stronger worm .
this is the best screen cover on the market .
it is so easy to clean and take apart .
it is very pretty though and appeared as shown .
of course there is mining and resource management .
nice portability and good value for the money .
plus there is not an easy teleportation/movement system .
the size is the length of a normal stylus .
for the price i expected a better quality product .
holds up well but i always hand wash mine .
the best aperture range was between f/8 and f/11 .
a very good non-expensive item to start with .
fell apart the second time i used it .
this is truly like cutting thru hot butter .
also makes a nice wedding or shower gift .
i plan on trying some in the future .
this is the second pack of twelve we got .
i use this knife solely for fruits and vegetables .
hold both side-by-side and the comparisons are obvious .
none of the plastic/nylon has peeled off at all .
after i bought it the girls never liked it .
i know food is highly subjective to taste .
i may even get another one in the future .
i think it comes down to poor design .
this case is one rough and ready protector .
i installed the battery and followed all the instructions .
just put it in then out it come .
the handle is a nice contrasting brushed finish .
it is made like dollar store cheap crap .
the instructions seemed a little confusing at first .
it pushed right through the job with no trouble .
at least a smudge effect would have been nice .
mounted this filter on a canon 50mm f1.8 lens .
mixed 1.5 teaspoons citric acid in 1/4c water3 .
i ordered this to save money over the grocers .
well the cards are not recognized by the leapster .
if you own nothing else for garlic cooking .
my only real complaint is the led power indicator .
i got this from amazon in december 2003 .
i agree with all who complaint about the assembly .
followed recommendation to zero scale after each weighing .
this product is bottom of the barrel protein powder .
i was bummed but grateful it lasted that long .
got this to hold my smartphone while playing spotify .
pretty disastrous failure if your'e hunting for food .
i used this before i went to the gym .
this swiss chocolate is produced by kraft foods global .
it is useless with ice or frozen fruit .
3 days and free shipping was a great plus .
i should have gone with a medium in these .
i will not be purchasing this one again .
it 's very handy and save me electric bill .
i will say that i love parchment paper .
my hair completely changed after using this product .
lara croft games have never been any good .
it fits neatly into a shirt pocket , too .
great case had it for over a year .
it was used probably 30 times at the most .
this diffuser came nowhere near meeting my expectations .
repeat until it goes down and stays down .
this is just what i was looking for .
this is a very good case for the money .
this is a very fun little kitchen toy .
you cant click a body to loot it .
i thought this was very acidic and tart .
it is not cheaply made by any means .
storage feature for the beaters is a nice feature .
totally time of use was only around 5 hours .
once that was done , it was smooth sailing .
i wash mine and let them air dry .
no more store-bought grated cheeses for us anymore .
sony uses its own music files called atrac .
it is sturdy , and it is quite clever .
i read a lot of the reviews on here .
this pan is a great size for many uses .
if you download map files - still no go .
i have had this headset for about three weeks .
i ahd this product for about a year .
i have consistently strong pulling to the left .
we ate lots of little pieces of grey rubber .
it could be great i do not know .
we all go through phones so quick anyways ! .
but that is the nature of cast iron .
he makes the best of his non working train .
black plastc chips fly off in all directions .
they nestle together and attach to a ring .
the phone feels much sturdier with it on .
the second puzzle we received is exactly the same .
hopefully it will work for the ones listed .
even random enemies in the main story e.g .
so far , it seems very sturdy and solid .
this game was a flop in my opinion .
in addition , the grind is perfect and customizable .
nice amount of lollipop sticks for cakes and chocolate .
great because it is small , lightweight and simple .
it randomly spews pellets anywhere but at the target .
i just got this wok and it is great .
noticed that the area around the thermostat is hotter .
would not even transmit a full 2 feet .
i am so disappointed in this product line .
after two months we have noticed absolutely no difference .
the headset carrier is great in the car .
but there is a large hold in it .
stumbled across waring and did a little research .
i can only assume it provides some protection .
it 's exactly what we needed and works great .
so far i have ordered two of these ! .
i purchased the wilson electronics dt signal booster .
we spend a lot of time in our motorhome .
i just wish i had added chunks of chocolate .
it was gross and i tossed it out .
it even comes with an airtight lid for storage .
will try and update in few more months .
i also got it for such a great price .
this was a birthday gift for my son .
i got this because i needed a strapless bra .
this was the recommended replacement cable for my model .
my favorite feature is the cover on the pick .
that was my original rationalization for buying this product .
however , you can configure it to your needs .
it looks nice enough to sit on the counter .
maybe a fluke but do proceed with caution .
you need to have this product in your home .
we had a similar pepper mill that broke .
this makes a great addition to the new diet .
just buy an american defense recon mount instead .
apple had a perfectly fine airport card form factor .
this is a nice and sturdy mixing bowl .
but seriously this pan is awful to cook with .
on low you do n't know they are running .
it toasts slices and bagels well and consistent .
plus this treat is practically nothing but sugar .
it is ideal for washing and draining celery .
this is ex actually what she was looking for .
the ear bob is about 2 3/4 '' l .
i guess you get what you pay for .
the glass on this jar is much prettier anyway .
i noticed grains on images of larger size .
i 'm surprised it got such a good rating .
i currently am running ubuntu on my inspire 4g .
i believe the cloths are easier to use .
small and easy to take camping as well .
i bought both the 48 and the 16 .
this mug is everything it is advertised to be .
the a2dp and the volume/play/pause/mute work like charm .
i hope to purchase another set in the future .
have been using this knife for 3 years .
i find i am using it at home .
the pull tab is super convenient as well .
i bought two 3-packs of these socks for work .
i had to iron the cups because of wrinkling .
the dual bristles and side bristles add nothing .
never went into maintain mode after two days .
it reminds me of a flavored constipation medicine .
all of my three girls hate this game .
there are literally hundreds of errors in this game .
i have had them about 4 months now .
that was ok , since i was merely experimenting .
this model was cheaper and had a larger capacity .
i purchased this together with the catit track .
it 's the best dreamcast game in my opinion .
i just swing away and hope for the best .
had to send them back - very disappointed .
both cats are not interested in even trying it .
this is a great juicer for citrus fruit .
nice looking and think it will hold up well .
then , i will review my amazon prime membership .
so i purchased extras to keep in each car .
most recipes are designed for 2 qt pitchers .
they screw on top and are real crooked .
it does the job and is easy to read .
also difficult to lean back on my office chair .
all in all worth the price i paid .
i have never had this much of an issue .
the one i received was 2 releases behind .
i sent the second t-rex back to amazon .
looks nice with the grills off though.drivers : cheap .
the female side of jack does not work properly .
not sure what went wrong with this version .
tried new batteries and still wouldnt turn on .
installed one in each of our two vehicles .
but other than that it looks nice on phone .
sizing on girth is off by two inches .
who knows what other site it can not access .
it will be great to charge my iphone .
holds two large ocela sponges side by side .
the plastic that holds the phone is very sturdy .
then i played some music to test it out .
gave it away , and ordered coffee from walmart .
sound diminished so much i could not use it .
it is rich and creamy and smells lovely .
they are now made in china no surprise there .
i have the 9900 on tmobile 4g network .
and believe me , this is hard to write .
i like a fairly strong cup of coffee .
i was impressed with the quality and the fit .
i found similar charging issues reported elsewhere online .
spend the money and get a higher quality cutter .
eventually the valve broke and it 's obvious why .
even came with t mobile printed on the side .
it seems to be a cheapened version of gta3 .
i normally go though cases in a few months .
this is a great case for holding your phone .
it is only 60 cal per serving vs .
my $ 20 wired headphones sound better than these .
every one of these coffees is totally superb .
i prefer to use this for most tasks .
just a warning incase someone else has this happen .
i also use mine for prepping cooking meals .
this kitchen was a gift from a family member .
you can not lay this thing down without bubbles .
then strange repetitive whirring and clicking sounds developed .
plugged it into a phone and a tablet .
convenient & portable and makes lattes cheaper than retail .
one reviewer on here stated that as well .
after shopping around a lot i chose this pan .
i will be giving them as gifts instead .
ever heard of quality control ? two thumbs down .
finally they are hidden nicely in the closet .
it is highly polished and has no pitting .
for features that should always be in place .
it happens every few weeks and is super annoying .
do not waste your time on this product .
this toy is awkward to pick up for me .
i read all the reviews on this product .
only used a couple of weeks but love it .
it just does what it is supposed to do .
the game is fun but a bit buggy .
apparently i have to pay for it anyway .
i trust motorola anyways they are cheap and replaceable .
but i got the second one on good .
uses less water than commercial grade rental machines .
the second time the grinder made meat mush .
especially true if you are constantly using the phone .
this game is hard as hell to handle .
i suffer from lower back and neck pain .
the battery works perfectly with an iphone 3g .
i read many reviews prior to puchasing the headset .
wow i can pick up alot of my choppings .
this waffle iron looks exactly like the g.e .
not a big deal for me , just surprising .
once i step off the scale it reads error .
but it will not act as a real site .
this is sturdy and makes nice crisp pizza .
the slots are large enough to handle large bagels .
coffee 10 cup programmable for about five years .
it is almost like a tall diaper pail .
they would n't even use it to sleep in .
i had some extra sony points to use .
henckels should work at least like the rest .
amazon of course has the best prices too .
thirty days after purchase you are on your own .
wish it were a bit easier to clean .
however , it is a bit difficult to clean .
we thought this product would solve the fried vs .
great protection with the hard flap over the screen .
heavy duty construction ensures even browning every time .
make arrangements to getthis wrong item sent back .
the thickness of the actual steel is 1 mm .
my husband has since stapled them to the ceiling .
the braun-water-filtered coffee stays hot and delicious for hours .
you start by dropping blocks to create a fortress .
these things last about 10mins max with them .
i stopped using it after a few days .
unfortunately i could not get an internet connection working .
they see daily use and pretty much daily washing .
it will also last longer than other brands .
then appears well but not touch screen works .
this can opener works as the packaging described .
good grip and protects the phone for sure tho .
i have at least one of every type .
i have had both of these accidents numerous times .
there is room for 2 sponges which is nice .
this cooker works very good and produces quality results .
this speed loader fails to do its job .
i had the same difficulty with the second unit .
it prevents you from scraping away the seasoning .
as always dealing with amazon was quick and painless .
basically : unfold and snap open to power on .
this size is fairly easy for anyone to use .
it had enough juice to recharge her phone .
i have all hard wood floors and love this .
no more looking for which one i should choose .
i 've come to depend on this measuring cup .
these fit perfectly and really do the job .
i recommend you consider routers from other companies .
my only wish would be for longer blades .
getting air to the kids ' bedroom is tough .
it 's very user friendly and easy to connect .
would definitely recommend to my fellow home cooks .
i bought these for my tendonitis and carpel tunnel .
heavy glass that wo n't crack or break easily .
i really , really wanted an ice cream maker .
i plugged them into the ps2 and nothing happened .
this product is not sized for small heads .
excellent lumber used and workmanship of high quality .
this is a fun cuisinart at a toy price .
love that i can wear it around my neck .
excellent quality product with a good slant view angle .
it does little more than keep my phone alive .
it is black , rubberized armor for your iphone .
i finally tried to return my presto timer .
the cinematics run at an extremely slow frame rate .
went ahead and ordered storage containers from amazon .
i bought it primarily for use at the gym .
that was a bad decision on my part .
no clumping up at the nose of the whisk .
i recommend it to anyone with this phone .
lots of very cool water and blur effects .
just want he needed and he likes it .
the oxo is more sturdy than most others .
my son loves this over the smart cover .
the console was very fun the first few weeks .
in no way did it make them disappear .
i used this to play with my puppy pit .
it seems very well built and good quality .
the works for both tall and medium length utensils .
not mentioning the other ingredients is just wrong .
minus the peanut butter we used as bait .
also a drip pan that catches the drippings .
they said they are aware of the problem .
ordered thirstystone coasters and this holder accomodates perfectly .
squeegee out any air bubbles with plastic piece provided5 .
plus , the audio is on the tinny side .
probably only suitable for a small toy dog .
i like that this is a timed device .
most aftermarket chargers and cables will be too fat .
peeling is very very easy with this my dawgs .
some wet dog food have more gravy ( e.g .
just make sure you oil it after each use .
ordered two , one for me and the wife .
halfway through the day he would start smelling horrible .
it looks really nice with my blue dish soap .
my daughter likes to try and carry it around .
never had great waffles- this is the one .
these water filters are hard to find except online .
so far every cup of coffee has been perfect .
coming apart after a year , quality is waning .
was not happy with the material or screen protector .
this drive suffers from repeated delayed write file errors .
my husband hates bulky phone covers or patterns .
i could n't believe how great the yogurt was .
they processed everything lightening fast with no hesitation .
i hope the magazines they make are better made .
then the battery charge lasted less and less time .
he thought it was the best thing ever .
a few hours later , it was dry again .
a common problem , according to the repair guy .
i read other reviews before ordering my blue tooth .
this is more of a user problem than manufacturing .
charges quickly and adds functionality to the palm pre .
think fly paper when you buy this item .
i am 100 percent satisfied with this great protector .
i am soooo glad i read the ingredients .
and i 've used it to make flatiron steaks .
no issues on this item.the mic is clear .
this battery pack extends the life of our devices .
should store somewhere on top for easy winding .
this is my first shaker and its shakes beautifully .
i guess i would call turkey a ripoff .
on the package you will find an american flag .
lots of people were looking forward to this game .
nothing fell through the mesh or the tray .
i have been home canning for almost 30 years .
i taped mine back on with clear tape .
this shampoo is probably best for straight hair textures .
there is no way it will rotate by itself .
these are very nice and soft for the dogs .
great seller and a good case for the price .
the front piece broke after a few days .
thought oh well now my rifle is messed up .
it is a good headset most of the time .
i like the msm herbal soap a lot better .
but they are at least two sizes larger .
what a life saver this case has been .
i remove the ball and blow out the dirt .
this garlic roaster is perfect for oven use .
then i started my dynasty with the blue jackets .
my twins love oatmeal mixed with their food .
pac-man showed how a solid conversion could be done .
the earphones paired easily with my phone and computer .
i use this to stir my matcha tea .
i will not buy this product in the future .
i ran across this device at a friends house .
i have thought they were better than that .
the unit was very comfortable to wear and unobtrusive .
it would be extremely easy to do though .
this merchant worked with me until i was satisfied .
but they also result in a soggy crust pizza .
what more could you request of a grinder ? .
they are the best tongs i have ever had .
overall , i am still satisfied with this device .
it has a whang to it that is nasty .
it was very easy to use and worked great .
both broke within a day of first use .
i reluctantly trusted the good reviews and ordered it .
i rather pay extra money for a working charger .
and it did it with only a few passes .
i 'm buying more to give as a gift .
i really like this and would recommend it ! .
it still made me break out like crazy .
would recommend this type of case for any phone .
spend the extra money , it is worth it .
i should have waited for the other leap pads .
i sent it back for a longer size ! .
this will sit in the box on my shelf .
did not get much use out of this one .
i shrugged it off and let it alone again .
very bad graphics by a first person shooter .
all this product does is give the ph level .
the medium set is more comfortable for me .
i have been using this for only a week .
they are easy to use and to remove .
i wash it right away after every use .
it is after all just an empty plastic container .
a stereo or dual mono version would be welcome .
actually handier that a chefs knife for many jobs .
i bought this cookware because of the reviews .
the gadget turn normal wired headphones into bluetooh .
the product seems very sturdy and works as described .
holds a good edge and i like the length .
i gave this to my beautician as a gift .
it does work well until the interior gets messy .
my only hope is that this is not permanent .
i am very disappointed with kaytee for this .
just was never on my to do paint list .
you also ca n't browse in zune by location .
after a few uses , it is now useless .
others have told me it worked for their birds .
it gets 5 stars for the high quality/price ratio .
the light is low quality and not bright .
but be careful what you pay for this mixer .
much better then the aluminum pan it replaced .
so 4 to 4 1/2 is my rating .
i use mine to store books and toys .
not worth the hassel of a free return .
it is the iron pans that makes the difference .
these connectors do not fit any of them .
i do a lot of cooking.good strong whisk .
i can then charge my note2 at least twice .
they do have a tendency to scratch rather easy .
you can get more information at the leapfrog website .
then i used it and fell in love .
it dried up a pimple i had almost overnight .
i purchased these creen protectors for my niece .
only time will tell how long they last .
based on another review that stated it ruined battery .
it sticks and the light does n't always work .
i ended up using advantage on him after all .
serves the purpose that it was purchased for .
i have also been trying the seabond adhesive strips .
better than blade models costing almost as much .
you lose very little air while checking the pressure .
i have been an audiophile for 30 years .
not a big deal , just a minor annoyance .
it was worth every penny and more ! .
this happened in the first 1/2 hour of use .
the pyrex is about 4 times the thickness ! .
it 's heavy on pepper and low on taste .
and there is no compensation for the dryness .
the quality difference in both cans is very noticeable .
it is very useful and saves time too .
i have the capresso machine with bur grinder .
i got mine at bonanza on the web .
but they will work better in a deep fryer .
this is seriously the worst game ever made .
it took up a ton of counter space .
if i slip it could mean a nasty cut .
i love finding new ways to use it .
this is one of my favorite purchases ever .
so now i have a $ 585 paper weight .
i tend to be very easily pleased with products .
i 've been using this for couple years now .
not meant for a dog that likes to chew .
it was either spikey or stringy and totally unmanageable .
i would recommend this to anyone who loves yogurt .
my grandparents had lodge cast-iron cookware and loved it .
these are really a great set of kitchen shears .
made of good quality materials and practical design .
my family have played melee for seven years .
therefore i am never sure what my reading is .
it looks like a very painful and blistered area .
i am very happy with the coffee it makes .
i no longer have a problem with sticking lids .
call quality is good and voices sound natural.2 .
she has never really ever played with it .
the flat whisk is more effective and quicker .
it did not help me lose weight at all .
they also included the return label in it .
still testing to see if it pops off .
it is very versatile and easy to use .
the body is protected by an outer rubber casing .
it would probably be great for a kitten .
of course , the return window expired last week .
hopefully it will be the same with limes .
i got my money 's worth and then some .
some work a whole lot better than others .
windows 7 recognized it right away for me .
we have a siamese that will chew anything .
also the sublingual tablets take forever to dissolve .
i am not sure what more can be said .
it also keeps the roll in check ( vs .
it also seems to boil water very quickly .
this was given to me as a gift .
okay , push the car down the roller coaster .
not to mention , karen was full of depth .
nothing fancy , just well priced and well made .
they were bery large and hard to break apart .
my cat chewed it up into little pieces .
i bought three of this model for my house .
much finer quality at a fairly reasonable price .
and that flaw is it 's cup-a-minute brewing speed .
the shape sorter does not make good shapes .
the coffee is always fresh and it is hot .
this ivy cap said one size fits all .
the carpet was finally clean with no more odor .
reconnects automatically when paired device is in range .
then slowly but surely , they started to fail .
i and say enough good about this screen protector .
so i need only a single charging system .
the product is as pictured and as described .
you can cook anything in the oven or stove .
have never been happier with any gadget purchase .
best not to assume anything without explicit detailed information .
it comes out hot and fresh and just right .
bought it as a gift and parents love it .
i 'm just sad that the supply is shrinking .
one of the port broke within a few day .
so much easier to put my dishes away .
i was a little skeptical about this product .
my mom has had these pieces for decades .
add in monotonous and you have a bad combination .
makes easy pops and holds the sticks as intended .
the charger worked great with my sprint evo 4g .
just do n't put too much weight on it .
voice and music comes in loud and clear .
after a couple weeks he started playing with it .
think of this seat as a non-ergonomic bicycle bench .
the divider only serves to make the area smaller .
great respect for all things made in america .
i ordered form the oem shop a br50 .
i find this new one cooks faster too .
i 'm not impressed with this player at all .
i did not have much success with this product .
i do n't think it really makes a difference .
just a steady strong stream of wonderful air .
long handle , flexible and safe on non-stick surfaces .
these frames are actually part of my grief process .
nice that it has a radio built in .
quite simply , it is the best there is .
i knocked 1* off for the misleading advertisement .
unfortunately most people never saw that game play .
the zipper just seemed too lightweight for the purpose .
i would like to return the remaining 2 .
such a great headset for so little money .
this is cheaply made and i would not recommend .
everything responds slowly and moves in a jerky fashion .
these do not stay in my shoes at all .
he was stumped as well for some time .
i expected a flimsy item and was pleasently surprised .
hands this down product is a great deal .
i found it not fun and rather boring .
for what it is , this product is great .
the fault may lie in the recipe book .
one of the 3 data cables was defective .
only used it once to charge my phone .
pros : overall i am happy with these dishes .
i 've had it for almost 2 months now .
when it was printing it was very slow .
save yourself the frustration of endlessly re-zeroing your scope .
only recommended for serious sonic enthusiasts and completists .
the first is it sucks as a portable speaker/headset .
the material and tool actually make the difference .
should have bought these in the first place .
the ingredients are better than those in competitor products .
finally found a sprayer that fits my weird faucet .
glad it was an easy and cheap replacement .
this item is very overpriced for what it is .
not as impressive on clothes but definitely helps .
i have purchased kong toys for our labs forever .
i used them for more than baking cookies .
the food was very hot when i was done .
small size means it is easy to store6 .
bought one , it broke on the 1st use .
use as a serving dish for cold salads3 .
they are great if you want a disposable shirt .
seems solid like a vice on my windshield .
the fitment to the power supply is there .
good for microwave , oven and freezer - unbelievable .
not the spicy cinnamon you can smell either .
i just replaced two graters myself because they broke .
witmore and other manufacturers follow this style as well .
my dog does n't really like to eat it .
this works for everyone but not for me .
it is very very light pink and dry .
this was a waste of money for me .
i had no problems getting the stains out .
it turned it in to a fine powder .
this mixer broke after 6 months of light use .
i love this peeler and worth the price .
i use it for calls in the car .
again , this new perky-pet fly-through thing looks great .
it 's light and stays out of the way .
would also help if the handholds were deeper .
this spoon is perfect for my arthritic hands .
so if your looking for protection do not buy .
have not had any problems with build-up or bacteria .
cuisinart dco-24 die cast is the best can opener .
we already had a set from years back .
i put in a dvd and started watching .
i found this out the hard way on myself .
we love these oxo spatulas , especially this size .
i still have heartburn and still notice urinary symptoms .
i wish i could give this product zero stars .
this tip makes perfect , professional-looking frosting for cupcakes .
i also often cook at my friend 's houses .
so im trying build ..instincts on the sticks .
the retail in the store for this is crazy .
previoisly i bought some of the generic white ones .
i love the fact that this is dishwasher safe .
this is a great product and zests well .
there are 2 outs and the count is 1-2 .
gon na have to buy a second methinks.chris olsen .
xbox player is supposed to do 1080p on upconversion .
i have taken good care of my knifes .
clean looking and numbers are easy to see .
these are snug , but think they will stretch .
i would not recommend this product for automotive uses .
my dog loved the small versions that are crunchy .
the case is still intact and not stretched out .
they do the job of creating cream horns .
i would suggest ticket to ride for starters .
waste of money and not even worth returning .
i know that not every review is perfect .
my husband wants me to make some lemon ones .
i needed a large jar for my stewed prunes .
i dont by any means beat on it .
i purchase 2 and wish i had ordered more .
i am returning this product for that reason .
the photo on the amazon site is incorrect .
this was a gift and my brother was surprised .
now only half of the bar produces bubbles .
looks really nice on the white iphone 4 .
i have no idea why its reated t .
i purchased the screen protectors for my evo .
i think it dries the skin if anything .
the dimensions are designed for small portion asian meals .
all the pans are very light with thin bottoms .
i knocked of a star for two reasons .
i never thought it would happen to my dogs .
i can go several days on one charge .
my ears were not created to hold an ear-bud .
the targets are too small on the cross hairs .
these work well with both my iphone and ipad .
it 's no louder than my other cleaner was .
i bought this along with the matching nightie .
buy good cookware and it will last for decades .
shoots out to samsung for a great product .
the slightest movement caused it to cut out .
i always kept psssssst instant spray shampoo on hand .
the end of this wire fits a kindle .
this is the old standard in inexpensive gates .
you can never have too many usb cables .
i guess that you get what you pay for .
this fails miserably and the darn thing never stops .
i 've used it for a multitude of applications .
i have tried two others and hated them .
works great either way on my htc evo .
the product arrived as described and delivery was quick .
this battery is not new in any way .
it was supposed to have comfortable ear gels .
its quality is as cheap as the price .
i find it to be thick and clumpy .
i might as well have swallowed a gummy bear .
i have owned this corkscrew for about 10 years .
scared to think how long these will last .
also the software left alot to be desired .
this is my third i keep misplacing them..lol .
the drawback is the separate 'power cup ' inserts .
i recommend buying the waterproof pencil that anastasia makes .
i need what i cook in to be washed .
it rolls very easily and is nice and roomy .
just a list of un-needed items in this kettle .
would not recommend.i am mid 30s with oily skin .
it was then removed for installation into another upper .
i love this carousel - made very well .
you can put a lot in a small space .
using it i got a mid-range signal there .
well that is what i did with this product .
this is a great real dinnerware and is microwavable .
too bad , as these would probably help me .
if i were given one i 'd take it .
my husband carries this phone and really likes it .
the graphis engine is a let down as well .
it will drive you crazy without this piece .
its not meant for removing hair from face .
this phone is almost purrfect for me except .
workaholic is the best way to describe him .
this bottle opener is really nice to use .
kids seem to prefer that over something bulky .
keeps me from sneezing too when i vacuum .
soybean meal is a poor quality protein filler .
save your money and get a decent kit .
i sent it back for a full refund .
the batiste blossom smells good but somewhat messy .
i like this case for a few different reasons .
i have had this mixer for about a year .
they are a perfect fit for this phone .
expected it to work from another person 's experience .
got this as a free deluxe sample at sephora .
if you get these just be a bit careful .
this did absolutly nothing for me at the gym .
these little plastic gems are a nuisance to clean .
cuts bread , sandwiches - perfect for the price .
it arrived in a plain envelope , completely smashed .
this works well with my folding wire dish rack .
i only tried to wear it in a hurricane .
hope this helps some of you out there .
i look forward to using my knives now .
would recommend it for small and large canning needs .
this is the worst shoe i ever bought .
when it worked , it was fantastic and stylish .
i have this game and only beat castlevania 2 .
screen fit as expected and adhesive fit as well .
this was a gift for a family member .
it really had me confused for a few minutes .
the droid x delivers in every other area .
the fabric still looks as good as new .
i had used this product before with no problem .
but so completely typical and over the top .
the other only lasted a month or so longer .
nmb.4 you can only play up to 2 players .
this is a great product , really fits perfect .
that is not enough time for crispy bacon .
its a really big disappointment for the price .
dead on arrival right out of the box .
i am returning it for a full refund .
tried it with another phone and another computer .
however , the night cream is definitely worth it .
one is just now starting to peel a little .
both packs in my order the seal was broken .
i tried adjusting the temp via the calibration screw .
i wish i had this gismo 40 years ago .
i wish these sandals had a smooth sole .
this oxo good grips set delivers the goods .
however , wears off within a couple of hours .
well pacakaged and no damages of any kind .
if it was well constructed , it would be .
i do n't understand all the 5 star reviews .
the size is great for 2 or 3 people .
i am working other uses for this pan .
i pre-measure everything the night before to save time .
one of the bowls arrived broken into pieces .
i felt super weird like something was definately wrong .
i tentatively touched it myself and felt nothing .
each player randomly picks one card from the 40 .
i assume from the pressure of charging the round .
this pan was so bad i sent it back .
the water from it is great to drink .
it worths the price and it is well built .
replaced old broken carafe that fell last week .
it really did nothing at all for me .
well it was n't bought for the charger anyway .
i would stick with my original one star rating .
i failed and a nation declared war on me .
you race down the tracks at speeds exceeding 600mph .
this is a great addition to our kitchen .
i really liked this case until it broke .
they roll as smooth as butter and are quiet .
so have a throwaway cup ready just for that .
eventually i narrowed it down to the remote unit .
this is a great oil free option for cooking .
i knives slice through quality steak like butter .
for the price i was not expecting much .
i love to zest lemons with this thing .
very strong material and lightweight ! fine in microwave .
i could n't find one in any local store .
i have used this knife for two years .
the microphone picks up my voice better also .
works great with both skim milk and soy milk .
the cables in almost all of these have cracked .
i plan on ordering a few sets as gifts .
the us repair location sent back to the factory .
overall reduction in fun vs heroes 3 and 4 .
i just like it better but its not essential.4 .
the sound quality of the music is excellent .
it popped fast , and almost all kernels popped .
do n't settle for cheap unless you have to .
it easily can be taken on and off .
i used this phone for over a year .
no problems and it toasts evenly and predictably .
the bristles are soft - like a soft toothbrush .
i was very hyped to try this game out .
food does not stick on it at all .
well , you definitely get what you pay for .
like 3-4 steps= 9 steps on the pedometer .
the case is excellent and feels good in hands .
this is a solid usb charger with two ports .
you might like the airstryke for occasional aero riding .
it is very heavy and a good prybar however .
so i recommend buying it if you need .
i have been using mine for about a month .
they are so salty and leave a briney aftertaste .
these are a pretty good deal for the price .
they would quite working in one way or another .
this scope had 2 serious problems as received.1 .
i returned this as soon as i saw it .
its a discrace to xbox and the unreal series .
shocked ! do no waste your money on these .
initial connectivity without wep or mac security was outstanding .
i followed the instructions and it installed very easily .
there may actually be some waviness in some glass .
these thick glass mugs are perfect in every aspect .
belt clip flew off on contact with floor ! .
there is nightvision , and lots of different weapons .
either way , its craftsmanship was below my expectations .
apple wrote the software for harman/kardon soundsticks ii .
glad i bought these for our toaster oven .
i ca n't wait until i can use mine .
i have 2 of these in the bathroom .
would have liked it being easier to remove .
these are the best kitchen shears i ever owned .
so it is also hard to perceive depth .
i 've now gone through two sets of these .
the look great and feel good in the hand .
is it the best thing ever made , no .
this is a computer game , not a console .
you do need to empty it out a lot .
i peeled from this stuff it was so bad .
it started falling apart about a week after installed .
there are no instructions like most screen protectors .
took a whole month or more to get it .
the water here is very hard and tastes awful .
the components click together easily and are easily cleaned .
the poor dog smelled of citronella for a week .
this worth it for any iphone 4s white .
my kid scratches at it and nothing happens .
used it one day before taking it off .
bought this under the influence of many positive reviews .
i avoid following hot coffee with cool rinse water .
they looked worn and were an embarrassing gift .
it is replacing the one worn out from use .
it took 10-15 minutes to figure out the trick .
that is where this handy steamer comes in .
then , just tip it out onto a plate .
the other reason was for my own dog .
not only is it pretty , but extremely useful .
connecting cutter bug control to my hose was easy .
i ordered this from isave.com fulfilled by amazon .
i really did n't like this color at all .
the unit was intended for a master suite .
go play dynasty warriors or ssx tricky instead ! .
i could deal with the decreasing quality every year .
i love these containers because they have see-through lids .
i recommend a type with a hose for versatility .
apply the butter and twirl to coat everything .
they just look at it curiously and ignore it .
so did my loyalty to nokia since 1998 .
they both came with extra rings as well .
it has been a week with no response .
cookie doughs seems almost too hard for it too .
it only works on ds and ds lite .
they should better inform customers about these things .
give me back my pc and track ball sniping .
i need these little things for my jump drive .
would notrecommend unless you keep out of sun .
a lot of apps are available for it .
the problem with this crate is the smell .
it is a good quality , basic meat tenderizer .
it takes a long time to file 4 nails .
i received it on time and in new condition .
you can feel the plastic flex on the petmate .
it is not made for very wet/humid environments .
i was also thinking they should be short .
and i am not condemning sennheisers , in general .
it has not clogged like some other reviewers mentioned .
it 's not good for washing all your dishes .
for the longest time i had no idea why .
unfortunately it feels like a rock under the band .
the buyer reviews influence my to buy this item .
it offers good picture quality and decent sound quality .
picked up the black cover and problem solved .
the new fountain leaks around the motor housing .
now this weekend it suddenly stopped working at all .
buying a ateco large size coupler is needed .
had this same knife when i was a kid .
wish they had a smaller option to try first .
the screens are flexible and seem to be indestructable .
finally i remember to buy a better sharpener .
it 's hard to stay awake playing this game .
these are thinner that most kitchen garbage bags .
it works great and i love that its universal .
here 's the reasons why i call this a .
i tried many times with the same results .
i 'm sending it back before i hurt someone .
it would constantly fail upon reawakening from sleep mode .
the loop that the chain passes through is .
i did not snack well on this product ! .
with the ear hook my glasses stay in place .
i give it a 4.5 stars out of five .
coffee is how you like it and hot .
took a whole bottle and saw no change .
received this item twice when first was broke .
a lot of these recipes require these attachments .
it will slip out of your hand if wet .
i like the top and bottom covers a lot .
save yourself some grief and buy something else .
it 's up to you if you buy it .
i purchased these based upon the positive reviews .
they hurt on and the top rolls down .
i hope to get years of service from them .
remove veggies , wipe clean then make my sauce .
it 's stacks right on top of the first .
the sound quality leaves a lot to be desired .
but it operates smoothly and without any issues .
those who have used both usually have a preference .
this is definitely a get what you pay for .
i really like having two bowls and two beaters .
plus it did n't even cover the urine odor .
this is after a year of almost daily use .
unpopped kernels are more than an unpleasant nuisance .
he counts down the yards starting at the 30 .
i doubt anyone over 10 is playing pokemon anymore .
i bought mine used and it works perfectly .
compared to the apple version thise product is great .
this is a really great idea for a toy .
the supplies are very expensive and cant be substituted .
i really dont have any complaints about it .
i actually ended up getting a extra piece .
wish the lids were a better/more snug fit .
love this kettle.i use this almost every day .
i am probably returning both models that i purchased .
its taste reminded me of ground-up cardboard and sawdust .
these are so easy to use and clean .
it was useless and did n't grow worth jack .
essentially , the baking cups are all the same .
i am a first time burr grinder user .
so i only buy one once in a while .
used this product for legs and underarm hair .
feels good and strong as i use it .
i got it and it was very worn .
or that attach point separated from the main pack .
i have several oxo kitchen products in the home .
it is just very , very flimsy and loose .
i kind of wish i could return this .
very well made and no complaints about the construction .
overall , well worth the money in my opinion .
product is not what you see in the picture .
takes up minimal space and is easily cleaned .
this tray is well built and is very solid .
smartphones are so convenient , but are battery hogs .
this particular flavor is the best one they offer .
temp in tank dropped 12 degrees to room temperature .
ok replacement battery for my daughters galaxy s phone .
the tapered sides reduce soup and sauces quickly .
i donated it to a neighbor who used it .
i hand wash it but seems good quality .
now they wo n't match and i am sad .
i agree with all the one star reviews .
went through 2 bottles and noticed no difference .
this was bought based on the advice of others .
i would say that qualifies as non-existent service .
i ca n't say enough good about these things .
and does exactly what it says it does .
they were either childish or not my type .
maybe for some people but definitely not everyone .
i still have the terrible ringing in the ears .
not sure if this makes a difference or not .
i bought these to accompany my crossman 760 .
this battery has been very strong so far .
thews might be ok in a real pinch .
this product to me had obvious side effects .
you might get 6 feet out of it .
or just the outer edge like a bumper .
other than that , i really like this popper .
lacks protection for the back of the photo .
whoever invented this roller deserves a good word .
nothing but flimsy cardboard shoved inside cheap plastic .
this is being sold as a charging pod .
fab glasses , love the look and the feel .
one of the few remaining made in usa items .
the freiling is not an ideal storage carafe .
the copy protection does n't slow down your pc .
not a sudden bulge , but a gentle slope .
this is usable , but not perfect for me .
crouching is hard and the graphics are terrible .
so i 'm used to woks without flat bottoms .
the first few photos looked pretty good as well .
but dont fit well the iphone.was a mistake .
now , i await the return of another cover .
i tried to use it for legs and bikini .
they fit perfectly and have become my favorite bras .
while the die cuts match nothing else matches .
my fair stainless - nymph of kitchen tools .
this is really a high quality french press .
the factory cable no longer fit in the slot .
for the price i paid it works fine .
i own a small , private pay nursing home .
have bought and returned three of these senn .
each day empty the tray into the bag/container .
it also triggered in me a subtle gag reflex .
when i first got it , i was excited .
this tool is great for breads and cookies .
keeps the phone safe from an accidental drop .
i found this game to be just so so .
it really did n't do much for my skin .
i bought this product reading all the positive reviews .
this simple item is just what you would expect .
this will hold 3 maybe 4 bars stored vertically .
it honest to goodness works exactly like a phone .
this was purchased as a gift for my daughter .
we thought that would be the end of it .
it may be the last one you buy .
it 's heavy and sturdy and keeps everything fresh .
makes neat julienne slices without all the knife work .
it is everything that it says it is .
this product did n't even last me 2 weeks .
so , i can happily give it 5 stars .
programmers usually solve this with careful use of fog .
they are a great value for the price .
the brush was better than others i have used .
the cover is cheap and will break very easily .
brings them back to pretty much factory quality .
wow , i am glad i bought this popper .
i should have ordered it two sizes bigger .
this is the fourth hot shot we have owned .
it simply must be seen to be believed .
i have cooked one or two with great results .
smells like the pupperoni sticks they sell for dogs .
i returned the item and got arkon sm410 .
these turned out to have a short inseam .
is easy to put on and take off .
otherwise , great product at a super low price .
i had a hard time getting the spout open .
also the instep is not very comfortably placed .
the bluetooth connection is super easy to pair .
my wife uses this for her iphone 4 .
here are the things that i do not like:1 .
i use them just for books while walking .
it is easy to clean and to keep sanitary .
kinda leary of putting it directly in my eyes .
works well , i keep it as a spare .
i highly recommend this for wedding gifts too .
crack at top of door heat gets out .
i would not recommend for a large dog .
told me to try plugging into the earphone outlet .
this is exactly what i was looking for .
i have to say that i am so glad .
two of the four the stitching is coming undone .
love how it looks sitting on my stovetop .
we ended up fishing the pasta out of it .
does just what it should at a cheap price .
this ring looked beautiful on out of the box .
there is still some oily residue that collects dirt .
i notice some improvement at the first hour .
all in all an ok product for the price .
the color looks very nice on a white iphone .
great for times at the beach and outside .
you wo n't have a better summer cocktail ever .
the color is a gray/smoke tint which is transparent .
this is exactly what i was looking for .
i decided to clean my couch and rug .
3m of course so it leaves no residue .
thhis saucier does not disappoint in any way .
i bought this for my family in puerto rico .
then the test - sound quality - fantastic .
and one word sums up the device static .
invest a little more money in a better set .
it 's so unfair that the experience is frustrating .
graphics are as bad as the nintendo 64 .
it is easy to put on and take off .
normally is like $ 2-3 each in grocery store .
not a big deal.its smaller than i thought .
i liked the laneige bb cream over this one .
mincing herbs and chili peppers come to mind .
i had expected a higher quality product from microsoft .
i expected them to last a bit longer .
this level of stability is more than adequate .
never heard back any issue form their end .
i will not buy from this seller again .
the presto 04820 is a great inexpensive popcorn popper .
that is not how you treat loyal customers .
will never buy again or refer to anyone .
i can sit my tablet up and watch movies .
cable charges and syncs perfect with iphone 4 .
i bought this to replace a verizon brand charger .
so i took a chance on this machine .
i tried these in 2 pair of running shoes .
this device is perfect for a larger group .
i bought this just for back up purpose .
so many people with health issues are gluten sensitive .
takes about 30 seconds to clean the cat box .
it 's not as wide as you think either .
buttons are easy to use without looking at them .
immediately grab the mold and put in mouth .
now rambling to make the amazon minimum word limit .
this item does what it says it will .
syncing to itunes works perfectly with cord provided .
i did not need to use the clean surge .
at least i can use wifi on it .
i just wish that it would do espresso .
after receiving these bottles i got a brain pain .
the first digitizer did not work at all .
it was used for less than 5 minutes .
i got this for use in our fish tank .
we brew at least three 12-cup pots a day .
better than the last two i have bought .
i bought these shoes about a year ago .
it happens to match my coffee needs exactly .
it arrived on time and i still use it .
you will be passing this one down to someone .
they smell and look funny and even feel funny .
you really do get what you pay for .
no wonder the seventh generation products work differently .
i tried various cases on several different cell phones .
i am very pleased with this table cloth .
what a horrible product and an embarrasment to cuisinart .
the remaining sticker is attached to the second film .
i 'm not wild about my dogs licking glue .
the left cord is shorter than the right ear .
you wo n't find this low price anywhere else .
if you love bacon , then buy this cooker .
the water stays hot for a long while .
they are about the same price as well .
it comes in a plastic wrap and nothing else .
with the great reviews i ordered the gogroove or3 .
did not get so smudged in my eyes .
i considered it a good purchase for the money .
i use a clean brush to clean it out .
the button layout of this keyboard is great .
i 'm wondering if this stuff is actually toxic .
i love oxo utensils and have many of them .
i will definitely not be repurchasing this eye cream .
upset that i cant return the 2nd bottle .
where peach can hover an luigi jumps all high .
would have been better to see prior to purchase .
the computer changes your lineup without your authorization .
the newest ssx for xbox 360 is fun though .
this is perfect for cookie sheet size pans .
for me , this holder proved to be worthless .
i think it works best on low-pile carpet only .
remember you get what you pay for though .
my second problem is actually more of a realization .
the number one chemical company creating and selling gmos .
this is good for infrequent use and small batches .
after a few months , it just stopped working .
i am overall pleased with the george foreman grill .
both lids and glass containers are made in usa .
i will not be getting anything more from wigwam .
i purchased this item from wireless unlimited in texas .
fits well , does not stick to screen well .
the heavy bottom stays upright just fine for me .
my use case is perhaps different than others .
they stay looking beautiful if cared for adequately .
originally purchased during the second fall of law school .
did all i can to get rid of it .
the handles could also be a little longer .
this much zinc alone can cause a copper deficiency .
nothing wrong with the phone or the os .
it is worth eight or even nine dollars .
the reviews would have been off the charts vs .
i tried my solitaire app and it looked great .
it heats up fast and works like a dream .
i have a much more expensive kettle at home .
i contacted the seller and was given a refund .
these are sturdy dishes that do not typically break .
note , i have taken other brands of acidiph .
one sight had a red dot that was blurry .
very good product wish it didnt cost so much .
it was so chewy it stuck to my teeth .
hope it works for you guys out there .
i was n't too happy with the lodge seasoning .
i have to double think beforebuying a panasonic again .
but this has got to be my least favorite .
packed it up and sent it back to amazon .
sending them back to amazon would amount to nothing .
hopefully the other one doesnt have the same issue .
the dough can sit to one side of pan .
i bought it and i still like it .
i love pyrex know matter what size container .
it is convenient and results in nicely popped kernels .
the color barely showed up on my eyelid .
multiple dings that have been badly painted over .
i returned these because the straps were too tight .
it did not remove the scratches from my disk .
the tip of the stylus was too fat .
i have had one of this for years .
i almost did but thankfully i rented it first .
and was the reflector necessary for safe operation .
there is no way to choose body blow v .
not a nice shadeyet definetly great quality : s .
i like the finish and make of the pan .
i seriously discourage the purchase of this brand .
it makes riding as a family much easier .
the quality is wonderfull and well thought out.1 .
people who text me do n't really use shorthand .
the wall charger broke after a few uses .
basically , i think this game is really boring .
the load times are terrible and poorly placed .
great price and easy to deal with vendor .
i do n't see how this feeds my wood .
it 's a great machine at a good price .
it is bitter and does not sweeten anything .
my friends kept asking me to repeat myself .
glad to have it back in the wood block .
and only one worked ; the other did not .
and it was very unlikely to shatter if dropped .
second most used pot in my kitchen arsenal .
it takes longer to clean than to make popcorn .
it also has maltilol which could affect digestion .
i 've used it regularly for several weeks now .
this arm band works great for my needs .
did n't notice a hug difference in volume either .
i 'd give 5 stars to the other colors .
after two weeks i sent this back to amazon .
they had not been part of my kitchen toolkit .
it 's truly a workhorse and is very durable .
nice and study for what i paid for it .
so do yourself a favor and use paper filters .
do yourself a favor and get your phone one .
i have waited for months to write this review .
after a while i had to throw it out .
my title says it all.agree with most other reviews .
i do n't think this toy was designed well .
it lasted with no issues , even when dropped .
i chose this one because of the amazing price .
our motorola bluetooth died after many years of use .
i am still waiting for the perfect ebook reader .
there is nothing soft about the davinci tool .
my wife and i were glad to see it .
i will purchase the glossing cream from amazon now .
flat pounder=no shredded paper/plastic to pick off the meat .
and i never received the 1st original bottle .
also the rubbery part is badly made and squeaks .
i got my last one the very next day .
but this recent purchase has left me disappointed .
i have gone through two of these keyboards .
mix that with garbage and the smell is horrendous .
this game will never touch my ps2 again .
it tasted like very mildly spiced chicken.i nearly wept .
i bought the lcd charger along with these batteries .
i use this in between with just hot water .
i am very upset with this rc heli .
thumbs up for amazon - thumbs down for trendnet .
until i i tried to listen to music .
controls are terrible , nothing like the original games.3 .
i left the allen company burlap in the woods .
i 've had an unsatisfactory experience with the ps3 .
this is a decent charger for your ipod .
go with a logitech insted of this one .
i find it essential and i recommend it .
these are probably the most comfortable bluetooth headphones .
maybethe organic version of corn oil is too expensive .
tried running laptop and ps3 at same time .
can talk to people clearly on loud job sites .
just remember to get a good screen protector .
so hit the back button , and move on .
i found it made my face too shiny/oily .
this spinner is easy to use and compact .
balanced well , even when holding a full bunch .
thats about all the game has going for it .
first one that i owned broke after 3 uses .
they are infinitely better and worth the extra cost .
this glassware is perhaps fine for everyday kitchen use .
wow -- i wish i had found this earlier .
it arrived in good time and was as described .
i pretty much use it for just about everything .
i installed this in a 1999 porsche boxster .
reasonably priced and pyrex always has good quality items .
this unit definitely is much better in those areas .
i bought one and gave it to my wife .
it is all ready for the next use .
loves to cook in it , easy to use .
so i just smile and go about my business .
i have had this machine almost two years now .
i have dropped one cutter without any damage .
and there are just enough for their whole family .
these are just what i have been looking for .
you can create some interesting places pretty simply .
i also searched for it in the stores .
this is a very good blender for everyday use .
i have been considering buying a juicer for years .
in fact it made it flat and oily .
the first one i bought is still in use .
i rebooted several times , all to no avail .
i have to admit that i was previously spoiled .
the little bissel seemed to be a reasonable compromise .
plus it is quite expensive for hair spray .
from there eventually all of them did n't work .
it resulted in him lodging it in his throat .
i 've always used the whisper line of airpumps .
this wire is aluminum with a thin copper coating .
we have a groundhog that lives under our deck .
the whole grill fits in a large sink .
really wanted to like this , but am returning .
beefy enough to lift fairly heavy pieces of meat .
i went through a lot of can openers .
the earpiece has nice comfortable feel to it .
the clouds parted and light beamed down from above .
i purchased this to help with my asthma .
i agree with several other reviewers about this product .
it held his interest for about 5 minutes .
allows easy sliding in/out of pocket and leather holster .
may look at a different brand food saver .
had the battery for a month with no problems .
this sony earphone is a nightmare to use .
i have one for a s3 and an ipod .
i bought a 2nd batch of the product .
this shea moisture does not provide moisture at all .
our four year old gives it four stars ! .
i use this turner daily , sometimes 2-3 times .
this is a handy and good pizza pan .
i expected it to be louder with deeper bass .
it did n't look comfortable for her at all .
the tree should be a stand alone feature .
for example there is no russian support whatsoever .
the whole thing is going in the trash .
phone is secure and easily accessible if needed .
she did not offer to replace or refund .
does exactly what it is supposed to do .
some of them are like long thin wooden knives .
rubber iphone cases are better than plastic ones .
this product at least made it to 2-star status .
all-clad stainless cookware will last you a lifetime .
as it rests on the edges of the sink .
i make several batches of almond toffee every christmas .
in that case , this unit fits the bill .
for the price , there are much better options .
everything i have bought of targus has been crap .
bought a pork sirloin roast to make breakfast patties .
they are durable and fit like a glove ! .
just be cognizant of that and you are golden .
much sturdier than the picture makes it look .
the kitchenaid mixer is a solid and reliable work-horse .
i ordered this for my son for christmas .
i bought it for my niece to go running .
the slide does n't wobble when opened or closed .
sorry only two stars based on the construction .
oxo is so much faster and more reliable .
display , set the brightness as low as possible .
i am very disappointed in hanes right now .
it was cracked right down the center of it .
i 've done nothing but deep fry with it .
i like them it is make cell surface nice .
i highly recomend 2k3 rather than this garbage .
it operates better than the venerable sony mw600 .
this is both a plus and a minus .
i liked my speck candyshell flip case better .
the percolator.sometimes less is more and simple is better .
and yes , i love the bialetti espresso maker .
it arrived on time and i was happy .
then put the lid on the coffee maker down .
made in taiwan but very solid and heavy .
i should have read the review for these .
this vacuum 's power and attachments are first rate .
he selected this panasonic based on other reviews .
i will look for the made in u.s.a .
my first choice of all available burr grinders .
they lasted just barely 9 months on my car .
connection is great and so is the sound quality .
and the repair did not last very long .
it fits nicely in my car cup holder .
boy was i glad i had 3 of them .
oil it occasionally and it will keep you happy .
a skiva , to try it out as well .
they are so skimpy on the meat though .
it will easily last through my next upgrade .
much too small for even a medium size counter .
she expressed she was really happy with it .
the base is made of very light aluminum .
it is the sharpest one i have seen .
we watched as interesting plot threads dissolved into nothingness .
good food processors and their attachments are not cheap .
do make sure you wash thoroughly in between uses .
i talk and text all day on the phone .
but what can you expect for the price .
i was kind of surprised at the positive reviews .
i rarely have to do that with the waring .
wally world has them for under 6 dollars .
this is very heavy duty and should last years .
i bought this specifically for dragon naturally speaking .
the plastic just ca n't take the pressure.pam t~ .
you could smell it when you opened it .
there are very few bagged teas i like .
because it is definitely not worth full price .
the axe head itself is the most impressive part .
i especially like the 6 cup muffin tin .
the other still works , but im not thrilled .
this belt case fits good for m droid x2 .
good price and the shipping was as promised .
must have if you have an iphone 4 .
10 years later , its still doing its job .
it should only take a few minutes to do .
i do like the push to dispense detergent feature .
only need to bring one charger on trips .
at low levels this game can be very fun .
these went into the garbage after one use .
the comp team never subs regardless of sliders .
bought this for my mom who absolutely loves it .
ordered the 16.5 inch version of the product .
if you have patience you will love it .
but the reality is this thing is awesome .
overall , you cant go wrong buying this product .
spiii is a design from a few years ago .
very good quality and makes the cookies very uniform .
this is the only corkscrew i use now .
the pulp does not stay in the little trap .
my dog had this apart literally within an hour .
sure , the game *could* be great on-line game .
ofcourse it allows for 3 credit cards simultaneously .
it was lightweight , and the controls worked fine .
i bought a nook about 8 months ago .
i definitely would not recommend this to anyone .
there 's a group of aliens at your back .
i want no headaches in good battery endurance .
so easy and clean up is easy too .
control of grind can be controlled by pulses .
but if you drop it 'll pop right off .
this is the best spaetzle maker i have found .
these coffee filters work just as they should .
now made in china instead of the usa .
it seems to be a little bit bulky .
i have thick , nasty callouses on my feet .
i reach for this spatula whenever i need one .
i am a techie by nature and occupation .
another reviewer mentioned a chemical taste ; i agree .
got an aching for that same fresh pasta .
it 's a plastic watch that never turns off .
another probe for the nu-temp is on back order .
i have two other crock pots both larger .
look forward to making sweet potatoes and applesauce .
enfamil infant is characterized by choline and dha .
definitely not worth the price asked for this product .
would be fine , if it was 4x louder .
this one works perfectly and is easy to read .
my wife and i absolutely love this cleaning machine .
barely fits foot let alone ankle and calf .
none of my 4 dogs will use this .
hot water causes everything to wash right off .
i ended up buying something else that is larger .
thus it is unlikely to ever be linux compatible .
and the save system pisses me off the most .
of those , three lids did not operate properly .
every single one of my shots was the same .
i really had a bad experience with this product .
a good choice if you need a charger .
it will usually turn on the second attempt .
complete protection all around but making the phone bulky .
and a small 16 recipe booklet by martin yan .
that 's not worth sixty dollars in my opinion .
save you money these are not worth it .
i needed to hold it down while grinding .
buy a screwpull - you 'll be much happier .
it paired to my phone and voice commands seamlessly .
this case of product is useless to me .
so much for at least getting points from this .
it works great for drying fresh cut pasta doe .
this deodorant was not a good choice for me .
every size i need came in this set .
no stuffing i could just feel the squeaker .
i then noticed it had a completely different taste .
i did n't realize it would be so small .
this is the last linksys component in my lan .
never had such problems with my $ 100+ norelco .
i have had 3 pairs of this headset .
but two and gift one to a special baker .
i do n't know if that will happen again .
security stickers and all.i 'm checking into this one .
the color was the only nice thing about it .
this little rack looks great on an open shelve .
i am using them on an '05 dodge 2500 .
i wish i had this a long time ago .
the features of the headset were not the same .
and no you dont have to solder it .
does n't allow most motherboards to work like this .
i was so disappointed and the kids were too .
i bought this speaker phone about 3 months ago .
it has a lot of power and adjustable speed .
they look much much more expensive than they are .
i did not like the feel of the fabric .
i have no complaint about these measuring cups .
kryptonite should not have its name on this .
fortunately , amazon was willing to accept the return .
it just took all the fun out of it .
made fiesta bread and it came out perfect .
so the ways to use them are pretty endless .
does absorb grease as advertised and cleans relatively well .
my life has improved with this spaghetti server .
tried it with alittle water like zagg 's invishield .
the car charger plug died with in 2 weeks .
these gaskets are good quality and do the job .
it would n't stay inserted into the access point .
too bad , cuz it was a cute belt .
this is my first try at the stash brand .
i do n't know how i managed without these .
it hurt my eyes every time it turned on .
there are n't really a lot of new quests .
the clutch or coupler broke into a zillion pieces .
there is something seriously wrong with this product .
even their laptop wireless adapter works great for me .
i bought this a couple of weeks ago .
there are already two expansions for the sequel .
this sauce pan is just what i wanted .
the sugar may clog up the head valve .
it also comes with an impressive number of attachments .
the lodge brand is reliable and usa made ! .
it paused frequently , displayed mosaic squares on screen .
also , one of the bunion pieces is missing .
it is nothing short of poor quality control .
now you can board vehicles and they take damage .
this is my favorite sized pyrex storage dish .
talk about lame , ssx 3 fits that bill .
but you can store food in it as well .
it works quickly with no jamming or anything .
further more do i stick with the same brand .
this is the nicest cellphone headset i have owned .
it has worked great with everything i have tried .
another bad protector just like other inexpensive ones .
save your money & get a botter phone .
today and had pet stains waiting to be cleaned .
the digital clock still functioned and kept accurate time .
well made and hangs the brabantia board will .
and yes i did follow the installation instructions .
it has closely cropped and quite stiff bristles .
it has made what was frustrating a joy .
the back silver looking plastic broke after a week .
this thing was made of medium strength nylon .
i had the same problem with them too .
they say to put the stove on low .
figured it would be pretty sturdy considering the price .
this case was way too big and bulky .
why need a laptop when you carry a smartphone .
at times the mister becomes gummy with oil .
the next morning i made the buttermilk wheat loaf .
this is a simple but good pressure cooker .
they just have the clothes and the moves .
i grill over charcoal several times a week .
it is slender and light without adding bulk .
maybe the one i got had a defect .
it is a bit louder than the t505 .
i have used it only for light cleaning .
it did a fantastic job with stir-fry shrimp .
these are durable and match my other plum dishes .
the game takes about 10 hours to finish .
siri in my iphone 4s works fine , too .
it may work with less high strung dogs .
and it does do a good job toasting .
add an item and it is a crowded pad .
wow , i have never received such a signal .
i 've been using hydrometers for over 35 years .
it must be kept at a certain water level .
looks and feels just like an oem part .
these look fantastic and are even relatively comfortable .
going to be using these for a while .
do n't over use it and rarely crush ice .
call back and person answered after about 60 rings .
not going to waste any more time on it .
this one was perfect and installed very easily .
and the best part is the wind/noise cancellation abilities .
search google for boss gt-10 patches by james limborg .
it does the job of assisting in baking .
the popcorn all pops and everything stays clean .
this is a great attachment to our foodsaver .
love it and will tell my friends of it .
i thought for sure he would love this toy .
they can get a little bended in the dishwasher .
they fit well and stay in good too .
i did n't care for this case at all .
and it came of in one nice piece .
i think it has some kind of stool softener .
you get what you pay for i guess .
the description of this product met that search .
i have had 3 microwave rice cooker before this .
this stone makes that even easier to do .
i do n't know how i lived without it .
the top makes for a perfect cup too .
i have never purchased a worse one that this .
this wireless headphone will not work with ps3 .
these do not seem to get warm at all .
simply plugged in my phone and it broke .
it instantly flattened the meat without any tearing .
i will post pics to show the results .
i followed the directions but the eggs still stick .
it works better than other gadgets i have tried .
only time will tell how long they last .
let me know if you find this information helpful .
ordered a 13 , but fit like an 11 .
i use these to cut fondant for decorating cakes .
this unit is being used for my itouch .
i use it for cooking bacon in the microwave .
protects the screen and is easy to apply .
i do not recommend this rice cooker for anyone .
this makes this point/feature a pro not a con .
barely holds 72 oz but good and sturdy .
this is the best peeler i have ever used .
the clamp on ours broke within a few days .
i might as well be drinking water.as for taste .
threads came out and tearing at stitched lines .
i especially love them for doing twice-baked potatoes .
i mixed and matched them in the setting .
perhaps a larger one for our living room .
i bought one of these and it worked fine .
guess i get to make all new backups now .
i expected it to be much easier to clean .
no signs of rust with this stainless steel design .
i can about see thru those slices of meat .
they fit and seem to be genuine parts .
i am subject to static discharges year round .
read below for follow-up review.sparing you a lengthy review .
it arrived four days earlier then i expected .
it is a great size for 1-2 people .
i 'm impressed with the packaging and the craftsmanship .
i think it makes me look a little clownish .
i am back to watching from the ipad .
i wasted 2 pieces before getting my satisfaction .
the case fits over the iphone 4s perfectly .
i think this was a waste of money .
my kids almost instantly switched to the keyboard .
i was really pleased with this 3g car charger .
very natural looking.the coverage is medium but its build-able .
wetting the filter is always a good idea .
kids definitely like it more than do adults .
it works well with everything from tomatoes to potatoes .
the closure on both earrings would not hold .
this is nice heavy weight and quality pan .
sulfates are well known to strip color from hair .
this connects automatically when i get in the car .
never again will i wing it when making cookies .
i use it everyday as it hold my oatmeal .
which scratched me in the process in multiple places .
i have been disappointed with the no-sit haunch holder .
there are 3 sizes of benriner slicers from japan .
these two programs will keep me an android customer .
sometimes a video is faster than a book .
we ordered a large perch for our eleanora cockatoo .
i use the smaller ones to mix salad dressing .
all they do is push the dust around .
after 3 weeks , amazon offered me a refund .
i did n't know they made a larger set .
we have discovered that filling about halfway works well .
this does not de-puff or really serve any purpose .
i like the feel and weight of these .
the problem is keeping track of the adapter .
i really enjoyed every evil dead movie growing up .
-very- poor sound quality on calls and music .
i could barely even get into playing it .
waffles for sunday nite supper -- nothin better .
if i could give this 0 stars i would .
and it does have a limited internal memory .
i would buy it again at this price .
that is why lodge does not do it .
the color is just as described : hot pink .
i rented the play station one just for fun .
save your money and just use baby orgel .
crank it up ! sear those chops and steaks .
my fish just looks at it as swims away .
the cord wraps around the bottom for storage .
love the forwarding and stopping of the music .
the shipper for some reason played with the labeling .
i 'll stick with the macadamia nut oil products .
the walnut handles are quite sturdy and beautiful .
none of the faq seemed relevant to the problem .
very poor construction my seams are already coming apart .
the service was fast and item was as stated .
that 's all i ask and i got it .
we are very pleased with this tie rack .
i coordinate all of my cases with my outfits .
just waiting to see if it holds off tarnish .
is this an agreement with hyperion to censor ? .
got this charger to power my raspberry pi .
it was already broken after 3 months of use .
potatoes cook fast and are moist and delicious .
very reasonable and have not had any problems .
bristles are not too stiff , nor too soft .
a double tap will call the last dialed number .
they have me hooked for life on this product .
top fits securely and provides a good seal .
moving it around may be a problem for some .
the objects are cool , but dont add much .
too bad they have a limit of 5 .
also , you can pretty much only go forward .
there is no target reticle , making aiming irratic .
i am wondering where those fibers come from ? .
i should have done the research before purchasing .
they are great if you want a disposable shirt .
i think both are more flattering and comfortable .
with a faster processor touchflo could be excellent .
no guess work , really no work at all .
they actually burned my mouth and made me gag .
it 's bpa free and it makes 10 pops .
it came with alot of silverware for the price .
it 's just about impossible to get it on .
easy to use and cleans with just a wiping .
never a problem with returns etc at amazon .
i 'll make this short and sweet for you .
i have numerous electrical outlooks but only two computers .
at one time timex was very good quality .
it was literally the coolest thing i have seen .
works fine sitting next to the tray though .
but the key cover i have mixed feelings .
first of all , these are not the cups .
i will buy a different slipper next purchase .
here 's my precaustions to have a perfect cup:1 .
i have many sets that are like that .
these work so well and clean up easily .
they go in the dishwasher all the time .
it may also have been what killed swg .
i stopped using it and my skin cleared up .
packaging and quality feel of the unit is excellent .
and as usual it arrived promptly from amazon.com .
this should have a black rubber seal in place .
but they made a few cents more profit .
but maybe i 'm just allergic to the product .
it 's the worst rpg i have ever played .
the oxo steel cheese plane is a terrible product .
not sure yet what i am going to do .
we 'll have to see how it eventually looks .
no underwater use , just normal wear and tear .
this product will meet your expectations & beyond .
it makes using my kindle fire hd so easy .
personally this phone does everything i need and more .
the icarrier has a really bright blue led .
i purchased mine at wal mart for $ 15 .
i expected a little better life from these .
the price is n't bad for what it gives .
i purchased this from oem planet through amazon .
i do not think it is worth the money .
it looks & feel really solid and works flawlessly .
have n't had a problem with this at all .
this one drains most of the liquid away instantly .
also , the quality of bristles is quite poor .
there has got to be a better solution .
it 's a sleek looking case but not protecting .
great quality product , that works exactly as described .
do not expect these to be spill proof .
the touch screens responded to it every time .
i am placing in a yard sale tomorrow .
it 's worth renting but definately not worth buying .
i had high hopes for the product because o.p.i .
i definetly would n't buy olay cleansing cloths again .
i bought the otterbox commuter-series case for htc evo .
broke super fast stupid and not worth the money .
and/or you can use it as a music player .
i needed these and i am still waiting .
stevia creates a very bitter taste in my mouth .
this is my second case for my iphone 4 .
bought this on the recommendation of cooks illustrated magazine .
i beat this game in a single afternoon .
the top of the box does n't secure on .
fits just perfect and does a wonderful job .
just push and get on with your morning .
it really is too muddy sounding for my tastes .
these amco advanced performance measuring cups are outstanding .
but good luck finding a replacement top anywhere .
so many ideas to cook with these rings .
i bought this media player despite the questionable reviews .
what can i say i watch atk often .
good old fashioned heavy duty blender with no frills .
i wanted something heavy-duty for cutting vines , etc .
most of the time there is no meal service .
the cover is very pretty but it fades easily .
it has a weird smell it it also .
it did n't make my eyes itch or sting .
let it sit for several hours in the refrigerator .
just play a real life instead of this .
shipped very fast and price was very great .
he chose this as the one he wanted .
this case protected the phone from anything and everything .
it does have a nice scent of coffee .
it looks fine and it protects my phone ! .
first few steaks , chicken fillets turned out ok .
i have n't had any trouble with the probe .
nor will it take you to the phone book .
it will only go slow even on high .
you also keep your knuckles clean of frosting .
wait total of 4 minutes for coffee to brew.7 .
my nuts arrived rancid and were not edible .
i will never be without my kitchenaid mixer.recommended .
i 've had these chilies for about 6 months .
infact after couple of usage this battery died .
i really had not much use of this .
somehow more cheap than all the other cheapos .
easy install and i recommend the purchase and install .
this set is exactly what you think it is .
if it ever fails , i will buy another .
i will be using it for canning very soon .
i wish i had bought more of these .
the same holds true for reheating a pizza .
now i use stainless steel and cast iron .
a little salt and you have perfect popcorn .
missing a ferrite on both sides as pictured .
i got mine included in a utility crock .
i gave away the only box i bought .
been looking for docking station for htc inspire .
i know better than to buy playtex bra 's .
more internet device than phone but i 'm hooked .
this is dishwasher safe and a very great deal .
the can opener , also cuts down on effort .
never did get it up to 75cm fully inflated .
this device has too many problems to work well .
it worked 10 times then the switch broke .
they are spun stainless with black rubberized handles .
but i went ahead and took a chance .
i am actually using it as an alarm .
the steam becomes intermittent and then finally stops .
this case is far beyond what i expected .
they fit perfectly and are easy to apply .
it fits perfectly and is not too bulky .
recommend if you need to think about your budget .
i waited and waited and they did n't dissolve .
i already own an atlantis pitcher and love it .
a good inexpensive cable that works like the original .
these rolls are the only way to go .
and there is alot of potential to this title .
this dock works well with my droid 3 .
cheap plastic , the jewels will fall off easily .
color really looks good on the black phone .
now it does n't work with the original battery .
this items was broke within the first 3 days .
it took about 30-40 minutes..have fun with it .
the powdered cheese left a very bad after taste .
the failure comes through in the aforementioned combat .
we loved this sprayer & bought one ourselves , .
i was too afraid it would fall off .
i bought this when i bought my deep fryer .
all the devices charged quickly and without issue .
i have two of these little sauce pots .
they all died within 3-5 months of each other .
so it is constantly being dropped and handled roughly .
it works and i would but it again .
you definitely get more than you pay for.-sturdy .
what i ca n't figure out is the filter .
this is a beautiful way to display a cake .
we have been using these for about four years .
save your money and get a better one .
they messed up how the mall should be made .
the color is a nice shade of darker bronze .
i tried with another camera and two pdas .
and that was with using 2 packets per cup .
it will hurt your ears at high level .
it is a little on the big side .
i 'll order this again when i need it .
i originally bought this pan for my mother .
it works better with the roller bar engaged .
the soles are not even half worn out .
this thing is a total waste of money .
i ca n't say enough good things about this .
the brushed steel is easy to clean and classy .
but all in all very pleased with the purchase .
i found my exquisite cup of chai by chance .
i use it to slice mushrooms as well .
then there are men who just do n't care .
it makes me look like i have jaundice .
my daughter bangs on everything with the hammer .
fine as an indoor and fair weather camera .
i still recommend this beautiful and useful mixer ! .
also , it is a little confusing to me .
it even destroyed the edge of an unused blade .
she is the titanic of the doll world .
this is a perfect selection for the iphone 4 .
these cutting boards work well and clean up easily .
this meat pounder is the best i have tried .
it does everything that a mantle should do .
otherwise , they are good for making fruit leather .
usually they screw around with the story mode .
still hardly works when i try to use it .
it makes a great tasting pot of coffee .
one corner of the screen protecter keeps coming up.2 .
they do a wonderful job , grinding with ease .
i could not use the us post office .
when you start put all the cotton balls away .
i use these everyday and hate them everyday .
well , they sure look the same to me .
okay for bottom of dishwasher they are heavy .
this is rather bland for a premium blend .
i owned one of these and lost it .
no issues with these cables and iphone 4s .
would not recommend kids can play with these .
that is the easiest way to make mistakes .
coffee was weak , and lukewarm and very noisy .
it was worth it ! i am not disappointed .
they have averaged about five years of daily popping .
the one piece type construction is very nice .
never use soap or detergent to clean the steamer .
i watched a you tube video on this first .
they clean so easily and cook so evenly .
the contact that holds the battery is broken .
i first saw it on pretty little liars .
i am going back to the bar soap .
she could have decorated her carrying case herself .
this did not make any difference in skin tone .
cooks perfectly and is very easy to clean .
they just appear in his hands by magic .
i keep the floor brush always on the hose .
these pants look odd and they are odd .
it clogs a lot less than our manual one .
i got this thinking that sony always makes quality .
luckly i did n't pay too much for these .
this game has the potential to be great .
atleast microsoft of japan has a smaller controller .
some complaints about this is that it is noisy .
i have used both sides and like the results .
my plantronics is a better fit and more comfortable .
light to moderate dirt/grime comes up with just steam .
opening the package is the first of the disappointments .
and it broke beyond repair in my pocket .
very big so able to hold all size cookbooks .
depending on how much junk is in the air .
this waring blender has been around for decades .
if ordering , i would go up one size .
this artisan mixer is really worth every dollar .
i have this west bend corn popper for years .
very weak plastic around the volume button area .
perhaps that is the issue some had with it .
i gave her this toy at 8 months .
this did not work very well for me .
i put it on and the fit is terrible .
it made the food processor look brand new .
i am convinced memorex cd-rw discs are fatally flawed .
it is delightfully simple and straightforward to use .
this is good for dehydrate the liquid stuff .
this timer does every thing i need to know .
i replaced our everday flatware with this oneida product .
i used out and thought out was great .
below is my review from over a year ago .
i had used nioxin system 1 cleanser for years .
they work just fine as my primary cooking set .
i have used it for bread and turkey .
these kitchen shears live up to the wusthof name .
the old verision allowed a full even footprint .
one in the den and one on my desk .
depends on my accuracy on any given day .
i found the manual well organized and straightforward .
id the microphone and be done with it .
i received these protective films very soon after purchased .
the spectrum banana holder does its job well .
i bought this after reading all the positive feedback .
the whole time i heard sirens going off .
i do n't plan on purchasing this item again .
that being said , i would buy this again .
one for milk chocolate and one for dark chocolate .
but i 'm not perfect with my phones either .
came with everything needed for the 2 gallon brew .
got this as a gift for my boyfriend .
i would buy another if need be.warrentrinidad & tobago .
i wish i bought that the first time .
i will be sending this one back as well .
i purchased this for my husband as a gift .
this product by belkin is a really great idea .
both offer the clarity and sound quality i wanted .
but this is an advantage for much cooking .
it was supposed to perform beautifully and was inexpensive .
the plastic was broken when i received it .
2 weeks is not 3 - 5 business days .
it was pretty bad for a couple reasons.1 .
i used them just today to make biscotti .
and i used the same oil for everything .
i 'd pick a plan toys train set instead .
try something like battle for middle earth instead .
the oil was open and it leaked everywhere .
coffee and saved myself a lot of my money .
seems the quality of the stainless is only fair .
it does everything it is supposed to do .
will not buy any more because of this defect.d .
fits the phone well and protects it well too .
once again , you get what you pay for .
i bought this as a gift for my husband .
lo quality glass and do n't focus very well .
this is the best knife i have ever used .
i think it is even better than it looks .
i think this is plain water to be honest .
it has a chocolate/orange alcohol taste to it .
the shoe is a real hassle to put on .
i always buy white because it goes with everything .
this product was highly recommended by cooks illustrated .
my iphone friends tell me the same thing .
and the best part , my cats love it .
i bought the extra hooks and its loaded up .
and its touch screen abilities are above average .
its probably meant for a single small bedroom .
have a droid razr which is always hungry .
this item does the trick but is fairly large .
i added my own to the evaluation pool .
works on smooth floors as well as carpet .
you need to buy the bodum porcelain cups .
the coffee is great , very bold and flavorful .
i mixed the perlite with soil as instructed .
this product does its job and yet affordable .
i added crisco and put in a hot oven .
this one does it just like it should .
on that note , it does seem very durable .
i needed a metal one for hot liquids .
it does not reliably connect with my android bionic .
the cutouts give good access to all ports .
much finer work and no mangling the shrimp .
the lid also fits the lodge 8 '' skillet .
i really doubt if the product is genuine .
the only problem i have is with the cleanser .
fell off right on schedule with her growing nails .
the game does n't last us very long playing .
the incoming calls are clear and volume is loud .
also , only use speed 2 when kneading dough .
he was pulling a goldilocks and 3 bear thing .
americastestkitchen gave it a top pick just recently .
makes the phone a bit thicker but not much .
these do the job and are worth the price .
so i usually take it out to close it .
i might try a bit of super glue .
i recommend another flavor of the petzlife oral care .
now i do n't have to worry about glare .
a removal flip-like addition may solve the problem .
greased it and floured it and used it .
let me first say that i am a foodie .
i like this feature , but only a little .
there might be some of you out there .
but i wanted something that could control changing tracks .
in spite of this those are my prefered ones .
below f/2 - f/2.8 the sigma is better .
hopefully sony adds this feature in the future .
i returned it as soon as i got back .
take-down and cleanup was completed in about five minutes .
selectivity is ok for this type of set .
the whole thing is easy to wipe down .
i bought this for my 26 '' lcd tv .
i think i got an old and expired batch .
i was not lucky i received the fake one .
the head has come apart from the center post .
could not put the handle on the broom .
i would rate this a zero if i could .
or should be , but not way of play .
i would n't recommend it for heavy users though .
i have never been a good cake decorator .
but none of them go in the dishwasher .
it is gorgeous to look at and very functional .
fits perfectly on my vm optimus v phone .
i bought several as xmas presents for friends .
but it it deserves the rating it recivied .
i ordered both the m1100 and the 925 plantronics .
i really love my new little bluetooth headset .
my skin broke out into this weird texture .
give them a shot , maybe a different flavor .
be very careful what model you choose this for .
i hate wal-mart but they had the best price .
i bought it to manage my low thyroid .
the one i ordered came with only one .
this review for deep facial cleanser for sensitive skin .
i bought a squaretrade warranty for the big stuff .
i hate this product because of 2 main reasons1 .
i use regular headphones and sound is goo .
i was extremely disappointed in how this phone operates .
i have several other brushes i like much better .
something that you all may never own up to .
i think i care about the roomba more .
well all i have to say is disappointing .
these are more like cups for holding handmade chocolates .
i loved he ease and simplicity of these bags .
that part broke , it is weak and thin .
i like how easy it is to cut with .
i had this same device for my samsung vibrant .
i learned today celery isnt a great mandoline veggy .
you take the mixer cover off your mixer .
it is perfect for smaller hands and very ergonomic .
i am impressed with how well this worked .
i do not understand all the raving reviews .
i thought this would be a better option .
i think this a rather nifty piece of gear .
a great product for office desk/home office desk use.pros:1 .
as described , shape holds up well to baking .
i do n't understand this wine sealer at all .
i wish i would have found this burner sooner .
i read the product will help in losing weight .
i enjoy amazing grass products so i purchased this .
i give this credit where it is due .
i have tried twice to order this product .
the material has a firm soft rubber feel .
it is so quick and easy to use .
heard good things about this product from another woman .
my son did like it in his wading pool .
how it has such stellar ratings is beyond me .
it looks good , and is of superior workmenship .
you get five covers for like 3 bucks .
tried multiple batteries in both but neither was effective .
item was scratched and broken when it arrived .
its been sitting in a closet gathering dust .
i received it days before the early estimate .
this gel skin is exactly what i needed .
honestly , read the packets of your microwave popcorn .
maybe the machine went wacko when processing these .
see the image above.i contacted phonesuite customer service .
i needed a toothbrush to get the gunk out .
i use this rotisserie at least once a month .
the simpsons is one of the weirdest shows .
it will look nice hanging on my pot rack .
i scrubbed for hours , and will reseason it .
keeps food warm and i am using it regularly .
products need not be complex to be perfect .
this creates more work instead of reducing it .
i 'm returning these today and getting a kindle .
i have read that the phone has been discontinued .
i will not be without one from now on .
i have favored them for almost 14 years now .
i can not believe kodak still sells these things .
apartment which is carpeted except for kitchen and baths .
just not really worth eating , in my opinion .
just put the feet right through your rack .
canon fixed it because it was still under warranty .
for this price , i would recommed it .
i buy extra batteries and an outside charge .
these work well , they are easy to store .
this one however has much smaller treat holes .
this blouse fit perfectly until machine washed on cool .
the cord is of a decent length , too .
besides it has a nice look and feel .
the fit on this shirt is really weird .
this is one very fine toaster for the price .
i regularly wear mine all day without a problem .
it could slip out of one 's hand easily.3 .
the size & shape of the era was nice .
my leonberger destroyed this kong in about three minutes .
where there is both a good story and visuals .
now they 're my go-to knives for food preparation .
i was looking for a basic timer with dial .
have yet to actually see this work yet .
the bread is so fresh and rises just perfect .
and buyer beware , bionire is a holmes product .
i believe this product was not good anymore .
i like the light showing the charger has power .
it almost seems like a store demo screen .
they are wonderful and excellent quality and hold plenty .
the pot is the right weight and balance .
was able to sort of re-bend the pole .
you can write on it with a permanent marker .
they are in my parts box for now .
this is unusable do to the red tint .
it gives me an extra hour of battery life .
they had free support until just very recently .
i had the hardest time finding the right cable .
best feature is the large capacity of the cup .
it comes with washable filter which is very economical .
the manual sais you will need 45-1 hour .
i use two of them when car camping .
its a great sandwich maker and easy to clean .
i wanted another but apparently that did n't happen .
it takes time to research all these information .
the elf makes sure you do your prayers .
once you take it you will only use that .
next time i will try it with one teaspoon .
just got this knife today from sportsman 's guide .
just made dinner rolls with it last night .
kids love it but it becomes a big distractor .
it would have saved me a lot of headaches .
i requested a replacement cord which i received promptly .
i am absolutely in love with this pot .
this is a great case for the thunderbolt .
i can easily improve the toy in several ways .
but it also has benefits in terms of use.1 .
this is the only bluetooth headset i 've tried .
using the foodsaver bottle stoppers has changed that .
the problem with small radios is their size restrictions .
~80lb cur had is ripped open in moments .
not as easy to get on and off .
i purchased this item because there 're good review .
this game was hardly a challenge at all .
$ 25 is a bit steep for two uses .
i love it and the colors are great too .
it isnt as vibrant as the picture shows .
the volume is controlled by a touch sensitive panel .
i will not be buying anything else from them .
works well on both small and very large cans .
my feet were practically sticking out of the tent .
unfortunately , it brought nothing else to the table .
i am impressed that they can be so inexpensive .
this dinner set is a good starter set .
the handle sticks and the spray mechanism gets stuck .
these are made very well and are very sturdy .
the display is bright and clear and looks great .
i have used it on multiple kinds of food .
the cases are very resistant and cute looking .
i 've had it for a few years now .
vinegar is naturally antibacterial and obviously food safe .
i have been using this product since sept .
no need for a fancy one-hit-wonder yogurt maker .
it really gives it that extra little retro touch .
the bag full of charging adapters is nice .
do not waste you time buying this soup .
this one is much lighter.the knife arrived very sharp .
this shampoo was also too thin and watery .
my husband demolished 3 in less than a minute .
i still use since its all i have .
also ordered the salmon which was just fine .
it worked as well as i had hoped .
maybe you picked a color that looks cool .
i am reluctant to open the 2nd bag .
not as i had thought that it would be .
i really have to get another litter box .
rim needs to make 'em like they used to .
bought this for my 6 year old nephew .
we brought her back from her deathbed literally .
having audio inputs on the front is great .
it also heats up quickly on the stovetop .
these are really tilted toward the high frequencies .
this is not even suitable to stab someone with .
the explosion was loud enough to scare several pedestrians .
the salt and pepper combo is extremely aggressive .
i bought this and so much more from oem .
i bought this clay roaster after reading many reviews .
they did a good job and are very inexpensive .
it is simple enough my husband can use it .
this is a charging platform which holds your battery .
the cable on the tekmotion is twice as thick .
thats the beauty of having my own opionion .
the deep palm holder keeps food firmly in place .
glad we did the research and bought it .
it has a high sound quality and great range .
the twin paddles definitely work better than a single .
really nice for a quick breakfast or snack .
i ca n't find anything bad with this grill/pot .
it worked great - for a short while .
it really does get all the water out .
i hate it when i shop wrong thing .
no spill overs and i did put the temp .
his parents enjoyed it more than he does .
it steams the corn kernels very swiftly in microwave .
i really did expect more from a kitchenaid appliance .
great for plain dough or dough with thin toppings .
it is only 5 minutes and worth it.2 .
it was cool on the stand in the store .
my dog is not one to tear/destroy his toys .
my whole family uses the stuff , in fact .
did n't want to test ordering a smaller size .
the biggest problem with this bed is the weight .
this system is not fancy , but it works .
i 've had every jawbone to ever come out .
buy a more expensive one and save your dollar .
this one she will not have to do that .
if it does , just put something over it .
my husband and i have a similar cheese knife .
it seems the same thing happened to another reviewer .
best in cars and on the go situation ! .
it comes nicely packaged and very professional looking .
the whole process took only about 15 minutes .
tese are not exactly lkie the original crystals .
this stuff is so drying it is pathetic .
this one was featured on a pbs cooking show .
it goes on very uneven and looks orange .
did its job and for a good price .
a great watch sold by a awful vendor .
just be very careful to check it upon arrival .
this product was not at all what i expected .
this one is nothing special and it 's expensive .
tried again , this time 2 scoop of beans .
plus there is no alyson to voice willow .
i was able to stick it on properly .
always good to have an extra usb data cable .
i dont know why i put up with it .
i do lots of curls in my workout routine .
it even has cup holders at the top .
easy to season and easy to keep clean .
the front door has fallen off three times .
this is one of my favorite kitchen tools .
resembled a balloon that was n't blown up entirely .
save your money and pass on this one .
it can also be used with your cell phone .
it 's fun to experiment with the fruit combinations .
i should know not to believe product descriptions .
they are available on the living proof web site .
it 's not anything i would recommend to anyone .
it makes three attempts before doing a full recalculation .
other than that though , a very good product .
and lastly adds too much bulk to the phone .
the mc2 finish is durable and very attractive .
and the other stays plugged into my desktop .
the product also smells strongly of old spice .
it also removes most pollen from the air .
the brush heads are also quite pricey for this .
the number of uses for it are incalcuable .
our last one ended up just turning in circles .
do n't get me wrong- these things are comfy .
in fact i think it made my hair dryer .
easily fit into the outer pocket of my pack .
i 've lost one and worn out the replacement .
the product was delivered promptly and in good condition .
the shape is perfect and they are well-balanced .
my family just adopted an australian sheep dog .
those that fit loosely almost invariably fire high .
i love how well it protects the screen .
i followed the instructions yet constantly have air bubbles .
crystal clarity while listening even in windy conditions .
it feels more secure in my hands too .
this is my third purchase of anker li-ion batteries .
i do n't get the love for this game .
the point of owning a messenger bag vs .
this is good price and authentic nokia brand .
handsome enough to use as server for company .
i also reccomend the cuisinart convection toaster oven .
i would recommend this product and seller to anybody .
this battery is either used or a knock-off .
nice profile and goes with my krups coffee maker .
troy glaus drove in more than half my runs .
there 's not much noise coming from this cleaner .
well i look like a pagoda in this thing .
i will never use the plastic storage systems again .
i have owned many oxo products over the years .
here is what i found upon receiving it .
i just received the pure stevia liquid extract yesterday .
these are important distinctions to know when purchasing headphones .
these do not taste good ! plain and simple .
covers the mixer and protects it as advertised .
microplane graters were originally intended for professional use .
she loves it and uses it every day .
but then any such bag would do that .
it is great for carmelizing onions and similar tasks .
the blade is just so sharp and solid .
i am 29 and still struggle with skin problems .
purchased this as a gift for my son .
these are just rubbish compared to their other products .
my dog would n't step onto it to potty .
this color is great to add to your collection .
works great to keep towels off bathroom floor .
every bite chewed down to a cardboard-y feel .
excellent customer service provided for an east return .
color is beautiful and i love the shape .
definitely a good value and buy on this .
this bag does a poor job of staying closed .
it did n't work as well at masking odor .
configures quickly and has a very solid range .
not quality enough for an everyday salad spinner .
since microwaves vary , you have to experiment there .
requires too much effort to get it right .
got all distorted and will not go back on .
i purchased this to replace the original glass carafe .
this product was inexpensive and my daughter loves it .
it is actually a nice looking kitchen gadget .
this is my second purchase of this wonderful product .
a few days of practice solves this issue .
my toddler refuses to play with this toy .
i even use it with my barbecue utensils .
this is the rolls royce of fly swatters .
but the gameplay and overall game get zip .
this product does not do the job as advertised .
i have no doubt that it 's very good .
there 's no more depth to it than that .
i use different colors for cutting veggies and bread .
i had a not-so-pleasant experience with this product .
my bad for choosing such a light colored case .
in my purse it is always falling off .
i own almost all of the oxo steel gadgets .
only complaint is the same as other reviewers .
my family loves board games and plays them often .
new belt did not work when hiking either .
replacement parts for presto products are readily available .
i was so happy to find this rack .
i purchased the domke f-5xb camera bag through amazon .
hard to find a fault with this mount .
it makes me want to ship it back .
the edger function did not work well for me .
i think some companies just have the right attitude .
i 've ordered a new one just like it .
i have a small dog , approximately 10 lbs .
threads on the umbrella knob stripped on mine too .
leave them off if your case attaches this way .
the jaws do not produce a very strong grip .
you can fit about an average cucumber in there .
we do n't know how soon that would be .
i tried moving the receiver around to no avail .
trouble especially since i am disabled and in wheelchair .
so it eats away at your skin basically .
the build quality appears very good so far .
i just couldnt get these things to wear properly .
not gourmet by any stretch of the imagination .
this was not a good game at all .
the blades are much better than the kenwood 's .
i 'm good to go for my work day .
ordered this one for her and she loves it .
online reviews of this machine are almost unanimously negative .
this is my second investment in the extended battery .
do n't be turned off by the low price .
you name it , it can clean it up .
recieved this product with no actual razor cradle .
if you like the first halo get this game .
i only needed one , but i have spares .
on the other hand it is a good price .
there was hot pink yarn woven in the shoe .
sega has decided to give up to the competition .
this is a great mandolin for small jobs .
cleaning was not difficult or particularly time consuming .
it looks beautiful sitting out on my granite counters .
its a great product and will protect your phone .
immediate bubbles were seen even after smoothing film out .
it fit perfect and snug the color looks great .
i bought it to do potatoes for the dehydrator .
updated info at the end of the original review .
the paper it 's on is a good thickness .
there are no smells coming from my tank .
that is why i am writing this review .
so i plan my food preparation around the processor .
i have not try it on any other device .
these work just perfect for my toaster oven .
this thing broke on me after 4 months .
there are lots of free books out there .
one of my nostrils is almost always completely obstructed .
i bought two of these , they dont close .
i initially filled half the tank with boiling water .
i suspect that this product is a knockoff .
the rest of the cast is n't much better .
it stands up on those little plastic feet .
standard hole-punch made a perfect circle shaped mask .
i like the pan and would recommend it .
that 's the essential quality of a good knife .
even though the pan itself is very well made .
it is fast to touch what i want .
just ca n't say enough nice things about it .
it looks and feels like a much inferior product .
the lip liner brush is not too bad .
i have not had any problems with this yet .
have had to adjust times for different microwaves .
next was a top of the line cuisinart .
i hate this game ! it drives me nuts .
i loved the cut scenes and the graphics .
i used it today to make a pineapple cake .
great for connecting my pc to my tv .
i took him off and the smell went away .
this is actually my second purchase of this product .
pretty much does everything that i can think ofminuses:1 .
i have read the book over and over .
it 's one of those melissa and doug fails .
the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use .
on the plus side , there was no discomfort .
it crashed for no reason , saves got corrupted .
my uke does not fit well in the stand .
i recomended it to several of my evo pals .
the lid design is not really complicated at all .
these filters fit our brita water pitcher perfectly .
very disappointing after the great allied assault pc game .
the quality is declined quickly by heat exposure .
if you have any questions , just try it .
it allows for both belt and clip on attachment .
no matter the price this is a good deal .
you can never go wrong with tupperware products .
this is another fine example of a junky toy .
i read it is made in china now .
they make my bathroom look like a hotel bathroom .
my husband uses this case and likes it .
you do n't need anything more expensive than this .
i faithfully used it waiting to see some results .
unfortunately the caraway is all that i can taste .
if you like miso try it for yourself .
my sister bought this for me last christmas .
even on low it is barely acceptable decibel-wise .
you still need something for the glass part .
but its the best i have ever used .
my hand blender gets used frequently with no hassles .
and there are not enough cars or tracks available .
this coffee is actually very good for flavored coffee .
my dog was disappointed and so was i .
seemed like it put static in my hair .
i tried more and less air to no effect .
used it three times & gave it away .
i ended up buying a brow marker from m.a.c .
it gives substance to such a small phone .
5 stars - this pot is a winner ! .
for the first year , i had no problems .
i thought i would love vera wang 's princess .
i use this product for a spoon holder .
must be made for someone with no boobs .
molybdenum is expensive and is getting more scarce .
these screen protectors fit perfectly and are very sturdy .
they come out better than your average microwaved potato .
it literally drips motor oil into the batter .
it makes this loud grinding type of sound .
i have it in grey , pink and purple .
but the scent is truly way too strong .
the bacon comes out crispy and fully cooked .
each piece had to be screwed into another pieces .
i would definitely buy from this vendor again .
it is too strong , a choking loud smell .
opened the battery compartment and smoke came out .
i got this game as part of neverwinter gold .
i personally like its compactness and easy storability .
i thought these would be decent for the price .
i have wanted one of these for a while .
linksys should not claim this card has nt support .
i feel like i have a new phone .
only downside is the wiping it off thing .
item does not fit well nor stay on well .
it seemed more like an xx-large than an x-large .
maybe there is a traitor in my inner circle .
he made life that much more simple for me .
these gloves are a bit too small for me .
and a minor complaint the vacuum is very loud .
applying this product is both and exasperating and awkward .
it really has n't been an issue for me .
o.k. , these are definitely better than tea towels .
this is the review i submitted two days ago .
i tried this for a week and have up .
there is a hole on top of the sealer .
definitely one of the best knives i have owned/used .
woke up this morning and this is broken .
that reduces the functionality and safety of this product .
it had been opened and not handled with care .
i absolutely could not stand these screen protectors .
it is still steaming when i pour it .
zoic nutrition drink is made with belgian chocolate .
to clean the inside run alcohol through the unit .
where this product really fails is the microphone .
i will never recommend this product to anyone .
i bought one for my two year old grandson .
however in many asian cultures it is fairly mild .
this thing would be awesome if it actually worked .
i double-checked my research and made sure the j.a .
then adds the rest of the fruits and vegetables .
so far this has not been a problem .
i was expecting something good , but found nothing .
i have found the durability to be just fine .
these are great and do exactly as described .
jardin will replace one cracked canister as a courtesy .
if buying for iphone must buy separate usb cord .
have you seen the ingredients in pet food ? .
the medium golden brown turned my roots red .
this is the second battery replacement i have purchased .
just place the ice and press the top .
i highly recommend this product for gps or phone .
the case is hard enough to protect the contents .
this makes it impractical to secure with locks .
it 's almost fun to use this for peeling .
everytime he will quickly loose interest and get cranky .
i rather stick to my wide tooth comb .
the coffee brews as hot as it should .
frees up the burners for other things ; 2 .
i have a smallish head and it is tight .
in fact it makes your skin really dry ! .
it has to be near the plug socket .
i buy my spices in 4 ounce bags .
other people are too easily satisfied i think .
one that says mine and one that says funny .
it is a perfect size for so many uses .
this corkscrew works really well.its remarkably simple really .
this was the cheapest i have found it .
still use it when the other phones go down .
i got another grip that is much better .
no , i did not consider a ka first .
i practiced the cutter with old sim cards .
she said that they would replace the lid .
i will update this review at a later time .
no cracks and no loss of vacuum yet .
this is for 9.5 - 10 '' pie crusts .
this one fits in the palm of your hand .
i bought this jar for a layered salad .
i will never buy from this company again .
what a shame that the price increased so much .
no more overcooked coffee if not drunk right away .
grind adjustment on the hario was a nightmare .
we were given this quesadilla maker as a gift .
i thought i knew what well-cooked rice was .
an entire case of snacks that will be discarded .
made the phone look like it was brand new .
she has not had a problem with this cover .
i would not recommend if you have one .
another product that kept producing great tasting coffee .
keeps everything from getting tangled in the headset .
and i do n't really have sensitive skin either .
glad that i can get the part on amazon .
the vent lets you heat up leftovers easily .
the cable marginmart shipped was not a belkin .
this particular t-shirt is not made of good quality .
its sturdy design should last a number of years .
this canister keeps the smells in the can .
definitely a good exercise in patience and will-power .
definitely the way or go for iphone protection .
i have had this oven for several months now .
my cat is impervious to all this gimmicky stuff .
it makes great bread and we bake every day .
i do apply it with a shaving brush .
this product was over expected than i thought .
i ca n't recommend if you have sensitive skin .
i highly recommend this product for the evo/hd2 .
i dropped my oster blender and broke the base .
who is not look for a expensive phone .
heats up fast and stays hot , heats evenly .
i will never buy canned oil spray again .
i was surprised by this suction grab bar .
plus the materials on the backing falls apart quickly .
it 's really all you will probably ever use .
each application was more excruciating than the last .
a real nice surprise about the one cup measure .
these are made for dirt devil and work great .
we all have our own tastes in perfumes .
the concept of one single linked city was nice .
this top fits fine in a standard saucepan .
we use mostly for making stew and chili .
republic wireless solved this problem over two years ago .
i bought this , but decided to return it .
this works better than i thought it would .
fits like a glove and feels secure in hand .
i thought 16oz would be too big and heavy .
i washed it off and decided to try again .
i used these ankle weights for a long time .
do not buy this for a french press .
the size is perfect , well balanced and sturdy .
they are just hoping people do n't return them .
this board has to be dried on edge .
one side smooth , the other corrugated per photo .
i can put in any oil i want .
then , you go outside and solve a puzzle .
i do n't think it lives up the hype .
granted my bose system is 5 years old .
he has a doggie squeak toy he likes .
this made me decide to use it anyway .
bought this from midway usa about a year ago .
now i can have juice for my phone .
was a waste of money to order this .
off to amazon to shop for a new one .
sometimes works sometimes just hangs and needs rebooting .
as in , neither cat would even touch it .
leave that up to the ps1 and sega saturn .
both cables are very short and barely reach anywhere .
works great , flipping every burger i can produce .
no holster bulge smoothly goes in my pocket .
the price was fantastic for this quality bakeware .
there are so many reasons i love this cooker .
it must have been over stressed and finally failed .
can fit five pieces on it at a time .
as if someone pried it off to repackage it .
i contacted them 3 times with no answer .
maybe it gets better as time goes on .
i tried to make one but was unsuccessful .
signal was boosted from 0 bars to 2 bars .
if anyone knows , please reply to this review.p.s .
reliable voice & 3g network with good coverage.3 .
was shipped well and in time by amazon .
finally i packed it up and sent it back .
i am disappointed in the size of these .
i paired the plantronics m50 with my blackberry curve .
my birds did not find this at all palatable .
this was even after i cleaned the disc .
put it in boiling water ? 212 f/100 c .
it is not the easiest coffee pot to understand .
without them a canner ca n't even get started .
there no other word to describe this camera .
works great , just as a potato masher should .
however , this one is a bust so far .
whole basement smelled like double mint gum factory .
atleast you get quality games at a reasonable price .
these are not us made or usda approved .
as for recommending or not recommending this product .
i have found that it does for the most-part .
nice but i paid to have this door installed .
is a wonderful size and the lid is great .
tried bypassing the router with a direct cable connection .
it is the perfect length for this purpose .
these are great phone chargers for the iphone 4 .
i am pretty certain it was already used .
both arrived both are sold by same company .
everyone can use a new cookie sheet right .
i need every ounce of protection this thing provides .
this was so terrible i spit it out .
overall for the price - the cleaner works well .
i did have to replace the cutting blade inside .
a few came broken with no way to fix .
the company making this should be ashamed of themselves .
overall very convenient and happy with this purchase .
i 'm sorry i wasted my money buying it .
they are tips and very disappointed with the purchase .
it literally took seconds to get this thing on .
like a underpainted blob.thanks amazon for no hassle return .
this looks like it was a factory second .
use your imagination and the possibilities are endless .
baggy all around size 17 at 170lbs 5'4 .
it does not flop around much under normal circumstances .
i assumed that was all a stick blender did .
this one comes up way short in that department .
meaning unfavorable light trasmission is affected on the underside .
put your money towards a real food processor .
he has used this model for over ten years .
it reminded me of the first turok game .
the red stylus is actually a pink faded color .
german quality and craftsmanship are second to none .
i had no fun playing this game but frustration .
the last attempt resulted in medium-hard poached eggs .
additionally , the attachment hose jams up quite often .
in fact mechanically it works as advertised for me .
herbs and spices lose flavor within a year .
my wife uses this little guy almost every day .
the case is difficult to use without ear peace .
does not really stick and peels off very easily .
if i could give 0 stars i would .
this toy was completely unusable for our dog .
it broke the first time i used it .
it is a cinch to clean and assemble .
with the stone it adds maybe an extra hour .
so easy to bump up that quantity and all .
power : this device requires a continuous power source .
the case is a great value and works perfectly .
lots of creases and missing pieces of leather .
this product was affordable and easy to use .
use suction only to pick up the oxy cleaner .
the front and rear sight apertures are not parallel .
those other cereals i mentioned were 3/4 cup servings .
they are great for mixing light ingredients or salad .
the case looks exactly like in the picture .
i made me and another family member a sandwich .
the price was way out of my range .
get the other gender to make quick disconnect harnesses .
the duplication is to meet the stupid length requirement .
it took very little heat to maintain pressure .
ok it is now in the garbage can .
i would have to give it 5 stars .
this is a great little deep fat fryer .
good navy and concept but not for narrow feet .
this food mill surpasses anything else out there .
i love how easy it is to clean .
i do enjoy the type of coffee or makes .
i ordered this when i ordered the lodge skillet .
you will not want to return it afterwards .
i had to replace with more quality product .
maybe another time when i actually get the product .
this shampoo doesnt make my hair feel strong .
it says 4 pack but i only got one .
so never buy this game it is horrible .
it 's so much better than my old one .
would recommend and would purchase as a gift .
neither cat seems to be affected by it .
this was an exact replacement for 1 i lost .
only wish a standard-sized lid would fit it .
my wife uses this several times a week .
package had no barrier between the 2 lids .
though not indestructible , pyrex glass is very durable .
the other bug started just walking backwards in circles .
fold it back in , and it turns off .
no big deal unless it keeps getting worse .
also good for the kids brushing their teeth .
what a rip off for just a cable .
that 's what full size food processors are for .
i have learned that anything dermatologist recommended=greasy.not for me .
i personally now prefer a quality pre-ground coffee .
this was like a wan na be metal gear .
total opposite of what expected considering reviews and claim .
in 80 minutes it was done without any problems .
it does have a semi-nice smell to it .
not sure what the point of that is .
both in the ear and over the head .
i do recommend this style of coffee maker .
this particular variety was none of the above .
that appliance was trouble from the get go .
works really good when cooking bacon on nuwave griddle .
i needed some to just serve water , etc .
the foam was too soft to do anything useful .
perfect.they do hold 9 ounces almost full.i measured it .
that cable works for my speaker quite well .
also it 's way to expensive for the quality .
none.maybe an american product will fill the void .
found a much better case called the ibolt .
i never read any instructions on the process .
messed around a bit and it started to work .
i tried it last night and it worked .
why would amazon.com send me this kind of merchandise .
product arrived as advertised and has performed very well .
used knife to cut the guaze in half .
love the look and definitely a neat buy .
i loaded the newest firmmare whenever it became available .
i definitely recommend getting one in getting one soon .
looks nice , but did not fit my phone .
make the lines under my eyes even worse .
what voice acting there is is n't so bad .
the inner tp tray does not fit great either .
we have gone through one cheap vacuum after another .
i would have preferred it be smaller and round .
i bought this hoping she will eat it .
this phone just feels so much more natural .
they are sturdy and easy to work with .
the price was so reasonable , i purchased two .
i would just feel really groggy and slow .
these cookies were supposed to be cranberry citrus oat .
a drug store dryer works just as well .
i wish i had made this purchase long ago .
i might sell my copy for about 10 bucks .
truly well constructed and balanced to the hand .
i have found the measures are not precise though .
but truly has no power as i expected .
it comes with a stock 1,850mah phone battery .
two of these would make nice book ends .
air-popped popcorn with butter and salt is delicious ! .
minimal warping , no tearing or fading of colors .
i 'm pretty happy with this matte black case .
i like the stand in the back also .
blade is not knife sharp but it cuts clean .
i only wish they would offer it in black .
still need a charge as the day wears on .
this makes a great cup off coffee for me .
a better toy for small dogs , i guess .
these are thick and have a rubber-like feel .
also did not read fuel setting on my silverado .
use with non chlorinated water for best results .
we use this every night several times without problems .
second one quit working less than a week .
it worked so well when i tried it .
in this game the a button does everything .
i 've successfully recharged the batteries probably eight times .
this sort of stuff just should n't be present .
it goes on kind of sticky and dry .
it also prevents water from getting to the phone .
heard slight hisses and echoes but only occasionally .
you read that right - one second per character .
return was accepted though and the process was seamless .
very nice quality as most oxo products are .
just beware of possible side effects like this .
i bought this scale on amazon some years ago .
there really is n't a lot to say here .
i especially like the fact it has microsd capability .
it is very easy to use and clean .
the evo is still amazing me after two months .
i had one rice paddle made of koa wood .
i 'm always dropping my phone in the car .
they ruined one of my favorit pairs of earrings .
it does what it is supposed to do .
this is a replacement battery and works fine .
definitely would not be able to start a fire .
i never got it to work for me .
fits well and is comfortable in the hand .
it works for some but not for others .
seller ships fast and stays in touch with buyer .
these screen protectors are always hit or miss .
it 's just too much for day time use .
i got no support whatsoever and warranty is non-existent .
it is quite light weight for a steam cleaner .
these coasters are perfect - especially for nightstands .
i used this product about an hour ago .
they make crispy shells and are easy to clean .
*my oil was shipped from the company sb naturals* .
this is a weird rpg with a weird plot .
now i have to buy a better book holder .
this is supposed to have a one year warranty .
sometimes you have to fix it up a bit .
i have had this timer for maybe 4 years .
the bracket broke 2 days after installing it .
i expected more in the way of quality .
otherwise whats the point in playing the game .
i bought it for my ipad2 and iphone 4 .
i returned these to amazon without any hassle .
i got no benefit out of this item whatsoever .
another great product made in germany by wuesthof .
the squeegee attachment is great on the glass .
i tested the relief valve and it works great .
the sound is good and it 's very comfortable .
i bought these because of the over ear design .
the one we purchased was constructed of thicker plastic .
keep the flame within the diameter of the disc .
the quality of the material is not great .
this board does away with all that..it 's great .
this is a very protective cover for your phone .
she loves to cook but has a small kitchen .
will not shake around wile driving if properly installed .
in short getting away from yourself for a while .
this creates a lot of juices in the pan .
a few licks with ultra-fine sandpaper cured that problem .
i do not like the feel of the phone .
it seems that the router is incompetent.not recommended.steve .
it did the classic 'slice-though-the-sheet-of-white-paper ' action with ease .
you have to place the film on the ulcer .
i use an enviro steamer that works great .
it does a great job of protecting my phone .
excellent quality and still sharp after two years .
i love oxo and trust all their products .
i highly recommend lavazza espresso with this moka pot .
you turn your telephone on and activate bluetooth connections .
i played probably 4 games and gave up .
the main problem is keeping the water clean .
i am not using the cutting board as advertised .
i just do n't like guild wars at all .
i would purchase again if i need to .
was n't worth the money i paid for it .
also stores easily and cooks enough for 4 .
so far , not impressed with this at all .
she loves it and it is so unique .
what can i say ? they work just fine .
i am happy enough to give it 4 stars .
the telescoping ramp however has many sharp places .
the leather will not last any time at all .
all were connected to a ups for power .
with normal use will be gone in 2-3 weeks .
cuisinart 's documentation leaves a lot to be desired .
this wo n't be my choice of kona k-cps .
one of them tore first time dog went through .
i 've used track balls for over 10 years .
i bought this to keep coffee beans fresh in .
and the fruit thin barely had any taste .
make use of plastic scrubbers on the inside .
this case does not fit well the iphone 4 .
if it fits your car it would be nice .
i got this slow cooker a few months ago .
returned to amazon as they were defective hassle free .
my son and his girlfriend love these attachments .
the quality of the speakers appears to be excellent .
worth the search and the cost so far.5-18-13 update .
my cat has barely looked at this thing .
i found these same figurines at the dollar store .
and the ease of using this was great .
i have tried numerous battery cases for the iphone .
this whisk has a nice quality feel to it .
it is dead nuts on to the second .
that 's not such a great deal to me .
sturdy and effective , inexpensive and fairly well engineered .
i got these for my toddler last year .
i need five more words to submit this .
i did not like this product at all .
i got this pitcher to replace our old model .
we have an ice maker for our regular ice .
i 'll give it so someone with an iphone .
read my review of the calphalon no-peek waffle iron .
buy it and it should last a lifetime .
i like this style and fits my needs perfectly .
this product is clearly loaded with black food coloring .
perhaps my place is too difficult to clean .
i really like this product and would order again .
my new pyrex measuring cup went in the trash .
the attachment point looks to be cast metal .
it heats up evenly to cook the pizza better .
the ginger flavor is not strong at all .
fortunately , i can remove the pot for cleaning .
i am very satisfied with these cooling racks .
just a dab but enough to make it slippery .
photo # 4 shows me removing the battery cover .
still using it every day.update 2/2013 : like new .
we are still finding pieces around the house .
its easy to pair and easy to operate .
i thought he is too old as well .
the product does not flow onto the lashes .
easy to clean removable grids are a plus .
we always use an exhaust fan while cooking .
i pretty much buy bodum for anything coffee .
be careful as to who the third-party seller is .
i thought this lip stain would last way longer .
it shipped fast and it was what i wanted .
i have not yet used the rounded tool .
i would definitely not recommend this bra to anyone .
especially when you can spit more accurately than shoot .
packed nicely so no dents or dings upon arrival .
this particular package arrived promptly and was well packed .
i 've had these for a few months now .
this gets so much use at my house .
i ordered several other brands and they were stickier .
this fruit punch is more punch than fruit .
i got these for my 22yr & 11yr olds .
we have 3 cats and 2 long-haired dogs .
somehow i broke two old cutters in one week .
i mostly use canning jars with wide mouths .
loved the idea of a lightweight folding stand .
i purchased this bluetooth headset for two main reasons .
i use it on my center over burner .
i may also have to try a different brand .
perfect generous size to saute veggies for 2-6 people .
the compass hole is for the tiny 14mm type .
also tried my mouse and that worked as well .
sorry but i just do n't flow that way .
you get 100 total pkgs of 3 pieces each .
i was n't putting too much pressure on it .
we only got 4 balls instead of 12 .
no tag team or fatal 4 way either .
plus the necklace was on the tighter side .
i plan on ordering iphone 4s for me soon .
i 'm probably just a freak of sweating nature .
would not recommend you buy from this seller .
so keep that in mind with my review .
and at night it lights up like a .
i have tried it in a bunch of phones .
i then added shamrock and turquoise to my collection .
it does n't look or feel cheap to me .
the fettucine maker and the spaghetti maker work perfectly .
i paid $ 21.99 for this woven stretch belt .
usually underwear sizes runs on the small size .
i will stick with that brand for now .
it would lose the connection every 5 seconds .
these two features make for a really great design .
now i think atrix is simply the best .
seem pretty well made , better than i expected .
i love otterboxes and bought this as a gift .
if you want to hold your phone in place .
will only let me now making basic loaves .
they taste terrible and are very hard to eat .
maybe my son will want to mow with it .
the ice cream is so good and really easy .
this case fits the bill perfectly for me .
the quality of this set offsets the price .
there 's not much to say beyond the picture .
i felt misled because that was not disclosed .
more than half of the lights do not work .
this phone is amazing after the ics upgrade .
the highs blew after about 3 and half months .
so you are basically paying for the salt .
i keep this in my chef knife case .
i bought the motorized version of this product .
i am still on the otterbox reflex horse .
my adesso scanner came with a velvet drawstring bag .
this should be short and to the point .
i got this one quickly from the supplier .
this case fits perfectly on the iphone 3gs .
this headset does not fit well at all .
some very thick doughs , others not so much .
plus they are easy clean-up when you are finished .
i was looking for something attractive and inexpensive .
pinch it open , stick it into your flour .
casecrown is my favorite vendor for cases now .
i have no use for the pieces of plastic .
i can only assume the food was bad .
i have a lot of cases for my iphone .
like the little locking feature at the top .
these work great and keep the wine bottle vacuumed .
i received it within or even earlier than scheduled .
happy and highly recommend this measuring spoon set .
this works great other than the suction backing .
or maybe it just never does get very bright .
i am thiking the previous post is correct .
i expect to be replacing this one shortly .
i tossed this thing right into the garbage .
something to which i never quite got accustomed .
the high setting scared the crap out of her .
do n't know how long this will work creditably .
this will keep it hot for a while .
that breaks down to $ .24 x 16 oz .
it seems that long-term use causes a dependency .
does not throw off any balance while holding it .
the ghosts and the mansion look very creepy .
it also fit my brother 's droid razor perfectly .
so , i will update more after using it .
see instructions or small print on box for details .
as excited as one could be that is .
this was a life saver for this phone .
you can get a different style for less .
try it you 'll love it like i do .
i have gone through a lot of bluetooth headsets .
may be the manufacturer is not an iphone user .
very nice , cute case for a low price .
can easily be stitched to make custom pockets .
by keeping it charged you always have full power .
i highly recommend it and all lodge cookware .
i will probably not be buying this one again .
it is pretty cool when it lights up .
beautiful and useful and very easy to clean .
favorites are n't as easy at the blackberry numbers .
it 's the right size for a large pot .
it never seemed to make much of a difference .
i love the qwerty keyboard on this model .
reliability on initial drive was immediately bad and apparent .
he was also very easy to clean up afterwards .
i must say , i have not been disappointed .
i set about putting together the construction crane .
it does what it is supposed to do .
the bottle is usually finished after a few days .
i really think this watch should be recalled .
it is able to fully charge my galaxy ii .
this is our second proctor silex electric kettle .
but i feel it should have been better .
and they do exactly as they say they do .
the weight of the global knives is superbly balanced .
if you use skype , give this a shot .
they have it listed as $ 1.00 per cable .
not to mention the zipper broke week one .
wish the cell-phone manufacturers would do the same ! .
i have to agree with the one review .
also vacuum sealed some toiletries to prevent leakage .
tongs rock and these are exceptionally well made .
foods do not collect odd flavors from surrounding items .
feels like it was molded from a child .
if i could give negative stars , i would .
it could work on the back of a door .
i suppose it provides some shock protection too .
it is fast and easy to wash this piece .
it also keep the oven temp more even .
i suppose u get what u pay for .
i have it mounted on my wife 's rack .
it washes nice and looks great on my counter .
leather on those shoes was clearly inferior to these .
other ingredients are glycerin , purified water and ethanol .
nothing ever sticks and cleanup is a breeze .
the phone all but locked up on me .
cast iron is so multi-purpose - i like r .
that appears to have been a waste of money .
air pressure does not keep co2 in the liquid .
the connection is fast with no hiccups so far .
this game would have been alot better with multiplayer .
to be honest , its not even worth that .
maybe a little quality control is warranted here .
in a giant brown pill sort of way .
i would not order this particular sp again .
our issue was it would not stay connected .
save your money and buy a different case .
it does mess with your middle ear a bit .
a bit flimsy and the plastic tips are pathetic .
they fit small and dig into my heels .
however full application of this lipstick simply looks ridiculous .
it does leave hair super soft and very straight .
my old one was super-powerful and whipped up anything .
you are truly better off gargling than using this .
have always had good luck with theirappliances and cookware .
one that totally covers my stove 's electric coil .
just an fyi.moving on to the important stuff .
i thought plugging the sound hole would muffle things .
only sometimes , and only if you are lucky .
i really like these and would purchase again .
we use this pressure cooker mostly for canning .
ive had this for about two years now .
i went with the hoya for a lot cheaper .
i was a big fan of this product initially .
we 've tried different potato types and even carrots .
i purchased this grinder after christmas of 2008 .
all of the lights went off and nothing .
good luck trying to fit two in there .
and that is what happened to my set .
the way the handle is designed is awful .
i love to change it with my mood .
i only experienced the speed once - near nyc .
it is easily the best game in the series .
you get a mini-processor and blender for one price .
thats the only thing i had a problem with .
amazon 's prices and promo discount made this possible .
was n't worth the hassle to get it returned .
perfect for quick fact checking but not leisurely browsing .
it also does not fit together well at all .
it offers only partial compatibility with apple products .
i use the guard from a different mandoline .
they are inexpensive but loot and work great .
my hair feels absolutely disgusting after using this product .
they are wonderful and i highly recommend them .
it cleans nicely without a lot of work .
it all takes place on a bright summer day .
probably would not have held up many washes .
i think the length of it is okay .
luigi 's mansion is one of the gamecube oldies .
as an allergy sufferer , i particularly detest vacuuming .
great product.very lite in weight and wears good too .
i bought the lavazzo coffee and it is excellent .
in fact i occasionally forget i 'm wearing it .
did n't really do much to clear my skin .
she was much more sensitive than most people .
i was surprised when i got this shadow .
it is more convenient to set your ringer/timer .
they also sport pleasantly textured and secure handles .
the game is just not well done at all .
way better than any non-stick pan i 've owned .
they are very thin and bubble very easily .
if discoloration occurs , i will update the review .
have used it a couple times makes great waffles .
got mine on eb** at a reduced price .
after seeing this product i immediately purchased it .
looks good and covers back and all sides .
worked for 3 days then never worked again .
it is pretty durable so far no problems .
i will be buying more for friends and family .
i put 4/5 stars due to the button covering .
it will toast wide breads and bagels no problem .
i now use these for kneeling while gardening .
what a convenience to have an additional mixing bowl .
no surprises there as the amazon photo is accurate .
for the price it could not be beat .
the bottom sticks out like an a designed skirt .
and i truly enjoy the coffee it makes .
we are very pleased with the oster egg cooker .
i always just used it and put it up .
finally tried it with yellow and like-shaped squash .
putting on the case/taking it off is very difficult .
this case is a great little case for netbooks .
my nails are n't growing any faster or longer .
first time buying this brand and we 're thrilled .
they are certainly better than the standard apple earphones .
i am sure with time this can be forgotten .
it came in the mail in good condition .
i use both pans for myriad oven uses constantly .
i wear playtex alot so i am dissapointed .
it is satisfyingly heavy and very good quality .
the bubble remover mars and scratches the film .
this is a good case , i recommend it .
so reduce the usage to every other day .
old fashion is still the best way to cook .
no.i would recommend this product and purchase again .
i make fresh breadcrumbs and homemade black bean burgers .
this is the first rpg i could n't finish .
i had some clam-shell cases before that were great .
these were the best i found for my purposes .
it definetly reduces underarm wetness by atleast 70 % .
it looks like streaks of rainbows down the screen .
this was part of a wedding gift set .
the smell ran us out of the house .
the other 3 buttons count 1-3 and name shapes .
i well be looking for a better model asap .
we got this to replace a droid 1 .
we have a thick carpet and a furry dog .
perfect fit in my hand and nicely balanced .
it was so thin and so super pale .
simply connect the handset to your cell phone .
this is a great deal for the money ! .
i laid down anywhere from 3-5 at a time .
i expect the same quality out of this one .
i will not be purchasing more of these cords .
i wanted to prepare for the rainy months .
a couple of things that i would advise .
i used 4 paper towels to complete the job .
got my first iphone - so needed a case .
afraid to try again and get the same results .
oxo good grips measuring cups - updated design .
this pitcher is not made of tempered glass .
if i wanted to use a tablet i would .
mounts with two screws -- i used drywall anchors .
the first battery was drained after 1hr 37min .
my whole family has these on their stove .
i bought this for traveling to charge two phones .
put 1/3 cup of popcorn kernels into the bowl2 .
they do the job and i am mostly happy .
there were several features that captured my imagination .
bought this as a gift for my mother-in-law .
great functionality and a real bargain for the price .
here is the ingredients and i hope it helps .
these were still virtually untouched in the original box .
now that was a function i deem essential .
these knives can even be used for paring .
four stars because it is not cheap at all .
if you need an extension , try another cable .
the price is excellent- you will not be disappointed .
it is small and the pockets are too small .
do not buy this or rely on it .
all my future wireless device will use otterbox cases .
you end up with ice that melts quickly .
i have several of these , for different places .
i use it in my samsung nexus s 4g .
i used to tie my cord onto itself .
you can fit three or four bulbs inside .
looks like new after a run through the dishwasher .
this cost way too much for the quality .
the design is even more vivid than expected .
it seems to do what it is made for .
no overflowing and dumping coffee all over the counter .
i have owned this unit for six months .
i have purchased patton fans in the past .
quality control is awful and will not buy again .
called electromaster and they sent one right away .
if you have a gameshark , get this game .
exactly the same as the one i already had .
i do n't usually react that dramatically to anything .
for this type of grinder i rated 5 stars .
none of my 3 kids ever liked this toy .
i returned mine and bought some ecco brand shoes .
the back camera on this phone is decent enough .
it is more like a big tea strainer .
i can wash and dry without doing anything else .
i hope they keep them around for a while .
this a great assortment for cupcakes and cakes .
clarity is excellent and the battery life is great .
i keep it on a 2nd level bathroom floor .
the silicone did not seal around the core .
can not comment on reliability as this is new .
this system uses a timer system to cook .
it works the same as any facial wash .
i use this for stirring goat milk lotions .
i now have induction and it is the best .
the cord is thick but short , very short .
it is way too small to cover the screen .
i am licensed to do so in 47 states .
that makes it super easy to replace it .
the last one princess anneliese and erika were amazing .
the bristles have not bent or fallen out .
according to this thing , i am apparently dead .
this usb charger is just what i needed .
it turns off when i release the button .
did n't make a noticeable difference in patellar pain .
a suction cup model may be a better choice .
lift lid where you pour in the water .
it 's a punishment for not being pro enough .
the other joystick controls which direction the character looks .
the other half loves this style of case .
left tampa airport to houston to change plane .
worth the price and happy with the purchase .
very good in price and very fast shippingthank you .
this set has many uses for otherthings also .
this product took care of that problem for me .
here is my second pair of the same .
straight-forward design looks to work with all wine/champagne bottles .
real stuff also has higher vitamin and mineral content .
not a peep thus far our of the farberware .
if so , i will write another review then .
it tasted like extremely watered down indeterminate flavored gatorade .
i ordered the correct size for my foot .
i am really rough on cell phones and headsets .
it took four washes to get my hands product-free .
my biggest disappointment here is sound alive feature .
he was safe and he returned to us .
purchased coffeemaker to match and love both of them .
the sprayer began spraying when depressing the trigger button .
order one with a soft and flexible back .
today 's grind seems almost devoid of the flavoring .
this brand is over hyped and over priced .
i went through all three in about a month .
it is very sturdy when on the phone .
i do n't understand how they can do that .
internally this is a blackberry , through and through .
it is soft enough for use on a baby .
i 'm fine with it lasting only 6 months .
also it might help to lower the averaged rating .
i have waited 7 weeks since my original order .
there yes high powered but with a cheaper smd .
it is utterly gross in taste and smell .
it will last for several years to come .
they are expensive but you are buying superior quality .
ordered the case from amazon and got it today .
freaking loud and you ca n't turn it down .
i can afford to pay twice as much .
this has worked out perfectly for making waffles .
my two kids have no problems with it .
i bought this in conjunction with duoxo shampoo .
i think pong had more intelligent coding then daikatana .
i love the variety of otterboxes amazon gives .
similar to many reviewers here , mine came unsealed .
it was a dark color with an off-putting flavor .
customer service from the buyer was a nightmare .
this blade might be pretty but is absolutely inauthentic .
much better cases out there for this phone .
thank you for and great price and great product .
easily put on and taken off of phone .
stevita supreme has neither of these deterring factors .
it fits fine and all button are easily accessible .
i have not had any problems so far .
i tried the number keys and the keypad .
this product works well and is high quality .
the hole is wide enough to get everything out .
made my salad and was munching away as always .
i 've tried others but nothing beats this one .
i was surprised how securely it stays in place .
alone on an island , you search for/find/collect/combine/make things .
these strainers fit the bill and solved my problem .
i will buy other colors from this vendor .
your butcher block will look like new almost instantly .
looks nice on the counter , made very well .
i bought this because of all the great reviews .
this battery has to be charged once a day .
we like to eat dinner off of them .
i 'll be buying a different brand next time .
i love the grandia series.let me repeat that .
i will be returning it for a smaller size .
they are excellent at keeping food fresh longer .
all clad really lives up to its reputation .
i was embarrassed and i was very disappointed .
i do n't think i will but this again .
this kitchenaid unit was purchased to make ice cream .
get it and you will not be sorry ! .
i placed this between my stove and counter .
i would have preferred timed release of fruit/nuts .
so , these seem to be the exact shirt .
it has worked beautifully on all of them .
this machine really brings your cooking to another level .
bristles are way too soft to remove loose hair .
maybe it works for someone , but not me .
this is n't worth much anything to be honest .
every key i struck showed up immediately onscreen .
i love this case for the most part .
2009 when it just arrived late in december 2008 .
i read several reviews about these before purchasing them .
if you listen to sw you want it .
these cables do what they say they do .
they sound great for a set of wireless headphones .
i received itchy skin when i applied this .
the fleas must have mutated to be resistant .
the applicator is made for someone with gigantic eyeballs .
that makes even the top easy to clean .
works great on our homemade butcher block table .
there is something fishy about these brita filters .
the cuisinart seemed to have more pros than most .
have had it for about two to three weeks .
spend a little more , get a lot more .
much of what others have said is true though .
it has to be charged out of the box .
not just the garlic , but also the rosemary .
this one feels like the mack truck of processors .
im stuck using the messed up one i received .
its not squirrel or raccoon proof as some are .
returning this asap - thank heavens for amazon prime .
nothing against the product i thought it was fine .
the plug on this particular charger is very flimsy .
it is very easy to use and quick .
this is almost the size of a microwave oven .
it is heavy and therefore i assume durable .
the 6 piece set has everything i need .
this particular canon brand uv filter is absolutely worthless .
my oem apple charger lasted me 4 years .
they all fit securely and in place without falling .
the thinness is the reason why touchstone works .
i think you get better results with leverage .
then they clean up easily in the dishwasher .
got progressively worse as power level was discharged .
i thought to much packaging was used in shipping .
original review , follows below.=====================just got this from amazon .
the unit itself looks and feels cheap as well .
i just have to proclaim how great this is .
otherwise are a good deal and work well .
it does a great job on difficult peels .
i looked this over before trying it on .
this is one of the worse squeegees ever .
rip offs of the seven dwarves from snow white .
i liked the quirky look of these boots .
i had several tablespoons of green-gray gunk come out .
these pans do not deserve the farberware name .
he 'll also take the lead in the tournament .
supports the phone well in portrait or landscape orientation .
for now gets 5 stars from me overall .
a well made product in both function and finish .
this is a very sturdy and well-built ricer .
my oem battery i bought from amazon is fine .
and i do n't feel like switching just to .
it only goes up , not up and down .
it feels like felt and it snot very secure .
top of the line top of the line period .
the didj was not a success for leapfrog .
i read and read and read about zma .
the storyline was n't as interesting as previous games .
its charging 2 smart phones at the same time .
second one went to the trash on day 4 .
first of all there are two design flaws .
it completely died with one week left of warranty .
i thought this would do and it did .
this interrupt the game play and is very frustrating .
i use this pin for rolling out pie crusts .
the case took almost a week to arrive .
it also lends itself to a retro look .
the investment in quality pays off every day .
great product and even better price for it .
we use all types of batter for the pancakes .
i found that be more or less accurate .
i would suggest just getting a clear case .
its just a cover and does n't effect usage .
this most awful computer game i 've ever played .
bad design , too bulky and difficult to situate .
it does a great job of opening cans .
nonetheless i was a happy minidisc user for years .
most of these headsets have a standard headset jack .
my cousins love this game for some stupid reason .
the music streaming ability , sound and the color .
things that in my book are unforgiveable design sins:1 .
this is not how the game should have been .
good thing i can send it back for free .
i should know better than to go shopping around .
i received this sauce from the vine program .
they certainly make it easy to do business with .
i see no problem with the plastic percolator top .
it does not charge with any of them .
my dentist reports a significant improvement in plaque .
i could n't disagree more with the other reviewers .
it removes every last drop in any container .
i have encountered no problems with this product .
do some research before you buy this product .
then i was getting the re-insert card error .
did not get one with the original mixer .
grab one if you ever see it for sale .
this is a real deal on a great stockpot .
oxo good grips stainless steel measuring cups are wonderful .
i can hear very well with this bluetooth .
never use it on glass or ceramic plates .
i got the perfect eggs the first time .
i still need to keep my aaa membership .
it is messy to use along with the applicator .
neither my husband nor i are cooking people .
it pretty much works right out of the box .
very clear , verbal directions spoken are very nice .
i know paid eighteen bucks for hot pink tape .
hpfully something will come around in the future .
i pulled everything loose and started from scratch .
the taste of the coffee is good too .
i was so happy when i received these .
the range was acceptable but not that great .
the final test is how long it lasts .
what a shame that it tasted so horrible ! .
i need to do a better job reading reviews .
one might want to personally research that topic .
i am very disappointed i did n't realize sooner .
i 'm pretty good at that sort of thing .
good thing that the unit is still working .
however , the plastic shell is hard and smooth .
product performs great and was avery reasonable price .
i am certain that was not excluded by accident .
they truly are wonderful people to deal with .
sturdy and easy to remove containers when needed .
very weak lemon taste and not that sweet .
they took stuff away for crying out loud.9 .
i have to give away the stockpile i had .
i had no problem exchanging for a good one .
instead you have a hand that you point everywhere .
that 's the issue i had with this mascara .
this adds a bit of class to the latter .
i have an iphone 4s and it fits perfectly .
buy it for looks & expect it to fail .
very disappointed and would not purchase this again .
these are cheap , buy in bulk and save .
the empire has absolutely zero ballz in this universe .
i have recently switched back to a regular box .
this skillet is a perfect size for my family .
i just put mine into a mason jar .
i 've never had that in a bra before .
my boyfriend and i both tried this product .
but the device does operate as it should .
i bought an rsvp universal lid for those .
it is light weight and easy to use .
this felt like someone was flicking my arm .
this scoop is perfect for large soft cookies .
neither of those problems exist with the omega juicer .
the red whisk and silver handle are quite chic .
i do n't need to vacuum a large area .
this is my second otterbox and will buy again .
i have no idea why people like this grill .
the picture shows black and i wanted black .
got this because i was tired of chopping garlic .
do not have to smell the vinegar smell .
the first one worked good for about 2 months .
i purchased this to scoop cheese puff batter .
the smell is overly sweet and gives me headaches .
which could have been a nice twist to it .
all the moneymaking is on the console side .
dropped on the concrete or down the stairs .
my face was shiny after about 1/2 an hour .
and i had those for 15 and 20 years .
it did not cover nicely under the eye .
charges fast , and it is a travel charger .
i would like a pair without any issues .
then started buying them as gifts for the family .
it is a very good tool for cooking .
the knife looks great till you actually use it .
bigelow is apparently in the scented water business .
the funnels work really well and are high-quality .
cast iron cooking is my new found interest .
i think i 'll try an over-the-head model next .
the legends are nothing to write home about .
my 5 yr old also plays with it regularly .
i wish i knew about this company earlier .
the remote unit is 4 off from the probes .
everything you need depending on the install is included .
the n900 is a great example of this .
i have a love hate for nine west .
whipped cream cheese with vegetable or jalapeno bits .
i ca n't believe i dont appreciate the game .
as with all my calphalon , i love this .
this is a great way to customize your phone .
most of the package is some kind of gravy .
i sure hoped it would work for me .
used this past holiday season , did just great .
the dried vegetables seem to be the preferred bits .
works very well with my samsung galaxy s4 phone .
in the educational point the game is not approved .
and i like the textured material of the handle .
not really a big fan of this frisbee .
you can impress your friend with fancy grilled food .
it came apart before he actually could enjoy it .
rising sun sucked and so does european assault .
i chose the battery for my samsung galaxy cellphone .
good quality and good quantity for its price .
they even came out way before this dud .
the projector was n't working when i opened it .
i would n't think of trying any other brand .
actually got these for use as kitchen shears .
did n't care for the fit on my dog .
but once i figured it out it was simple .
1/4 '' jacks are only found on full-size receivers .
it made my hair feel awful and greasy .
there is no grip whatsoever to the case .
it offers good protection for bumps and nicks .
i have to agree with the latter grouping .
started having bluescreens as soon as it was installed .
works as well as the day it came .
you still need some place to spit it out .
the color matches my drawers and cabinets perfectly .
however this is a piece of plastic device .
the tamale soup is crazy gritty and gross .
these are just cheapo styluses designed for no precision .
that 's why i marked it down one star .
it is a carbonated all natural 100 % juice .
so when the phone is moved it gets unplugged .
first impression is how well made they are .
not something you want in a child toy .
there are two size mounts for taller speakers .
with the lifetime warranty it will last forever .
i use my bold 9700 as my alarm clock .
my cat perches on the top of it .
i bought this mr814v2 because it was cheap .
company is just as good doing business with .
the shipping was very fast and very well packed .
i have owned this machine for two years .
we use the volume but it still seems loud .
the pan and the cover are of excellent quality .
they are well made , my dog hated them .
two stars is generous for this item 's description .
they are felt-like pieces used to help protect dishes .
the design is poor and not for youngers .
my wife uses this as her primary knife .
it should serve well as a camera lens cleaner .
i have naturally wavy , but very thin hair .
i struggled over which rice cooker to buy .
snaps easily to the back of the phone .
perfect size , holds an 8 lb roast easy .
i have had this set for about 9 months .
he loves it and keeps his phone protected .
all in all this is a pretty cheap device .
it also increase my acid reflux just a bit .
just my two cents ; your mileage may vary .
each layer cooked evenly in the aluminum pan .
i have therefor discontinued use of this product .
if you ever see zero punctuation you know .
total & absolute waste all the way around .
you could get a cheaper one for $ 4 .
it works like a charm on lemons and limes .
after several minutes of use my arms ached .
i bought these for drinks and they work perfectly .
this does nothing at all for my gout .
i would buy another should my current wear out .
no back ground noises to have to hear .
but not for salads or eating like raisins .
this turns the headset on and off after pairing .
this is my new go-to knife for carving .
i swapped it at staples , and tried again .
the time system in this game is ridiculous .
very simple set which i was very excited about .
get researching if you dont know about monosodium glutamate .
we 've had it for at least four years .
color was very pretty but it ran small .
so this was on saturday i put it out .
i ca n't believe this is a ps2 game .
i was very excited to find this product .
i think kitchenaid should stick to countertop appliances .
this cover helps you not to do that .
but best of all is the ease of use .
made of plastic aluminum and does not rust .
this is my first attempt at buying them online .
i carefully kneaded bread doughs with flour-covered fists .
some have been good and most have been bad .
it was still charged when i went to bed .
i found positioning the cursor accurately quite difficult .
i mistakenly purchased this from the zagg website .
the plan was to use it for my waterline .
remember not to put them in the dishwasher .
really helps in determining thermostat setting for furnace .
i have another plantronics blue tooth headset for calls .
for the price listed this was an easy buy .
i must say i really like this stylus .
i would not purchase this if given the choice .
my callers report they hear me loud and clear .
i highly recommend it and the serrated bread knife .
i use them on my tablet and its unbelieveable .
i wash it every other 3 or 4 days .
this is not one of my better purchases .
i have a cheap large springform that always leaks .
charges just as fast as a short cables .
it was easily honed to a very sharp edge .
i purchased this because i have 2 problems .
this is everything that i would expect from otterbox .
it was frustrating to pour wet ingredients from though .
a dangerous toy and a total waste of money .
i should have listened to the other reviewers .
so now i have both sets of bowls .
i made two identical cheescakes at the same time .
i ordered this as a present for my niece .
i thought that i had ordered 'booster pads ' .
needed new one for my non stick pots .
also these attachment pieces are very easy to clean .
i wonder if the manufacturer reads these reviews .
it 's thin cheap plastic and rips very easily .
it does take most apples and pears whole .
save your money until apc clean up their act .
these seems like the original charger and well made .
i was suggested to buy this for landscape photography .
they always come out with wierd yellowish colors .
utilizing the power of the mixer is ingenious .
but i was stupid and paid too much .
good price for a cast iron grill press .
now its in the trash where trash should be .
at first it smells better that the original poison .
thoughest and best car charger i had till now .
this toy is truly a waste of money .
image is quite sharp once mushy focus is set .
you can probably stick it in the dish washer .
i have never had an experience like this .
anything would be better but the current one .
would n't even bother to buy if i knew .
my set was the sony mdr-if240r wireless headphone system .
it took me a while to figure this out .
great buy for ten bucks and free shipping .
i just could n't be happier with the purchase .
but some teflon tape wrapped around the end works .
i felt like such a dork putting this on .
ahhhh yes , much much faster again.hope this helps .
looks cute but did not last very long .
maybe i can find another use for them .
someone must write a book on this issue .
these panasonics hurt after less than an hour .
it is not really an issue for me .
this is the best foil cutter i 've used .
customizable brightness for use as an alarm clock .
they are also an excellent buy and i recommend .
cup ) of rice is usually enough for us .
the color looks exactly like the online picture .
the set width is just fine for my needs .
you have to use these filters for the chemex .
looks just like the original one we had .
i 'll work it out and have no regrets .
2 of them lost their leg within a week .
i would purchase another one in a heartbeat .
too pricey for what it has to offer1 .
now i can honestly say that is poor quality .
not one scratch on the case at all .
it is very light weight and easy to handle .
but after several tries , i had no success .
i use my lodge pizza pans for pizza exclusively .
it definitely takes the dirt off quickly and easily .
i had been using a bamboo drying rack .
all in all , i would buy this again .
wet me and the pads again and again .
i bought the 360 that comes with the headset .
i thought i would never do that again .
it seems i may have to use some epoxy .
i ordered several of these and gave as gifts .
i thought it would be a nice word/board game .
so we usually use it to grind spices .
run away fast from this terrible popcorn popper .
save up or look around for a used model .
the fact that it is passive really kills it .
got this to make homemade applesauce for canning .
i would recommend doing more research before purchasing .
got these for use out on the snowmachine .
none of them got past a tiny taste .
it worked well enough but was sticky temporarily .
prepare to be dissapointed if you buy this game .
if you have large breed dogs do not order .
i put this on and it 's helped tremendously .
they are way too salty to eat alone .
you can not reset.these traps are a waste .
it bring me with much fun with my iphone .
i 'm returning them right after submitting this review .
it took a lot of effort to chew .
much cheaper , but not good to work with .
i also recommend the caliber iii digital thermometer hygrometer .
what can i say its a tea kettle .
i recommend it to popcorn addicts like me .
but i liked it.all in all it was good .
bought this 100 cup commercial urn for my synagogue .
it charges as quickly as the ac charger .
they hit at the most uncomfortable spot imaginable .
it sets on the lid of the can easily .
strong they are a great edition to any home .
what else can i say ? it is doa .
i have to puree my veggies and fruits .
great sound , and almost perfect to workout with .
i use orville 's buttery oil and popcorn exclsively .
i ended up having to use the smallest one .
i also really like the straight-forward symmetrical edge .
my expectation was entirely different than the product .
this product does not seem to work for me .
but once it is in , it stays in .
then the excess line wraps around the hub .
this really worked well to make things more compact .
bought for my clients to use in gym .
it took my husband to finally pry it open .
it handles the big and small cans easily .
love the size of this 1 quart serving bowl .
ordered on for my daughter for her birthday .
even after i washed it off my hands .
but it does not go along with ichat .
it plays dvds great , until it just quits .
this is a terrific addition to any kitchen .
this is not worth the money at all .
but alas put it back in the box .
i just think that i got a defective one .
guess i 'll settle for the plastic handle version .
all that freezing and lagging could be worked on .
this item is as nice as the photos .
it conforms to the semi-circular or half-moon design .
mines got too beat up , not usingit anymore .
not a big deal , but a little disappointing .
it is n't very moisturizing and it looks sticky .
get a few pairs before the price goes up .
my son likes the nail brush fish the best .
not exactly what i expected for the price .
it still has pretty strong smell for sensitive cream .
so to the trash the whole case went .
it had small scratches it rapidly aquired more .
unfortunately , the readings are consistently difficult to read .
i 'm so glad i replaced my old one .
it really does feel like wearing a helmet .
it is very handy to spray the dough with .
the smallest size holds a good amount of rice .
i should have read the reviews before ordering .
i wish i had bought it years ago .
or the pockets are too big or too small .
the smell is horrible , like stinky old tobacco .
so i turned over and slept on my side .
these must have been sized on a balloon .
i am rating this on my son 's experience .
they appear to be durable and have good range .
bought as an extra battery for my gs3 .
i typically only wear it in the car .
that first ride is like a bat of hell.cons .
my grand children loves peeled and cored apples .
i wish i had not bought these chips .
no easy way to report bugs either.anyway , reliability .
present for my grandson and he loves it .
we long ago abandoned maintaining the high polish .
worked great first time and every time since .
it is like someone concocted an artificial candy drink .
something like pulling a sock off your foot .
it arrived cracked and the paint was chipped .
this is the perfect size for my desk .
notice all the 5 star reviews from others .
one of the best tools in my drawer .
bought these to replace my misplaced old ones .
i was excited to get this speaker phone .
low speed provides strong airflow with moderate noise .
the towel washes and dries easily in your machines .
i switched to paper filters about a month ago .
this scale is accurate and gives consistent readings .
i think for $ 7 it is slightly overpriced .
you 'll find a regimen that works for you .
filter is metal mesh and removes easily for cleaning .
not sure what to make of this thing .
i will always use them when i can .
perhaps it works only on minor aches and pains .
these tongs are no exception to the line .
ca n't even work on it while plugged in .
the sound is very warm and fairly balanced .
i got to 60 something % and just quit .
make sure the proper pressure is attained and mantained .
read the reviews and seemed like a good choice .
great puzzles but a lot of annoying false paths .
i have had this machine for several years now .
i bought several and i like them all .
this product leave a metallic taste in my mouth .
i have also used it for soup at work .
it might as well have been made from aluminum .
so long from the dullsville ffviii calls balaamb .
my last one lasted several years but finally died .
up to 48 hours of full quantity storage .
i ended up purchasing another phone for this reason .
but it is easy to ignore those things .
my only issue with it is the noise .
bent it back , it sort of works now .
so annoying to have expensive and well-liked things ruined .
after using it myself , i agree with him .
i have had this razor for 6 months now .
however heat does make this product a little tricky .
its true how a cellphone becomes a drug .
make sure your dough is nice and cold .
the handle is comfy and easy to grip .
there 's also a zippered opening in the back .
they dont stack greatly but they are still stackable .
you can believe the description of this product .
it snaps the dog 's head to the side .
it is very easy to use and set .
the rubber grips also make it easy to handle .
the only problem i have is with usability .
my hair tends to be naturally thick and oily .
unfortunately , these guys are going in the garbage .
comes with a cleaning brush and both work great .
it covers the sides and back really well .
well worth the little extra i paid for them .
again not happy with the application at this time .
i have plenty of open slots for additional devices .
some jvm1540 models have four screws on top .
has held up thru multiple drops and not broke .
the drastic windows change did n't change that much .
bought this one and love just as much .
good grip , though the edge should be sharper .
i have tried every possible method and no luck .
the kids will like getting a scooby ring .
i think that is just out of habit .
i got two 'thumbs down ' from the kids .
plastic bent and metal pin remained in place .
the nunchuck also allows you to jump and duck .
this game is so popular only because of advertisement .
it took about one hour to assemble by myself .
most of the current/new customers have the wireless feature .
i slammed my brakes and got beeped at again .
this is a great little tool for peeling oranges .
do n't buy unless you want to be disappointed .
this design was the sturdiest of them all .
good for getting you out of a jam .
i emptied it and that solved my issue .
eat your hearts out all you other wives ) .
i bought this for my 60 gig ipod .
i needed to replace my calphalon nonstick set .
my cats had it destroyed in a day .
and then it started to feel a bit itchy .
really like how you can customize the ear buds .
they love them and they seem to fit well .
purchasing them as gifts for the family next .
- the oil temperature fluctuated far too widely .
these are excellent scissors but are far too small .
my carpets are the cleanest since they were installed .
filling small mouth kerr and ball bottles , etc .
i take this for short trips in town .
the only disappointment so far has been battery life .
i ordered this for my son and was fooled .
i really liked the idea of a media server .
maybe it will work better as a maintenance tool .
it stays on my counter top at all times .
they work very well and i was not disappointed .
i did some research and found this product .
it saves a lot of time scrubbing the microwave .
but shooting at them is not at all fun .
i threw the beeman p17 in the trash .
i wish i had them a love time ago .
this item came quickly and was as described .
too thick and for hair it doesnt work well .
this is super convenient and a great idea .
the popcorn is yummy with canola oil and salt .
this terrarium set up is doomed to failure .
i bought this for a white iphone 4 .
this unit is lighter then many similar devices .
big disappointment , as has been stated by others .
gives me a heads up when they are done .
the protection is visible when the screen is off .
this holds enough that i can strain 2 qts .
i paid less for this than two aaa batteries .
so i pulled this and the keurig attachment out .
this vacuum lasted me only about 4 months .
it does a poor job of trapping the hair .
fits into smaller places.- comes with 4 attachments.- dependable .
from a distance it looks like the real thing .
car dock works beautifully , and activates car mode .
it makes good bread , even for us beginners .
for home use , this is not an issue .
i wonder how people give it a good review .
install it on a window with a screen .
our home has a serious lack of storage space .
my 18 month-old son easily takes it off .
the whimsical character of these always makes me smile .
i got a small laceration on my upper thigh .
i moved recently and needed all new kitchenware .
very high quality and well worth the price .
very good price as compared to other models .
they often get snagged or pulled out of alignment .
they are even heating and easy to clean .
i bought this last christmas for my teenaged daughter .
the pot heats up quickly and cleans easily .
i used it with yes to tomatoes shampoo .
does amazon have anyone who could help me ? .
i originally got it to go with my iphone .
this headset will make your cellphone feel like baggage .
it tended to be too drying on my face .
i first tried it out on an area rug .
i ordered this product for taste-testing by friends .
i evenuse the itorch when on the road .
it die drop in the grass but still worked .
i could use my computer all throughout the house .
great product will order more when i need more .
say goodbye to that.black monday is flat out terrible .
grill marks belong on meat and not sandwiches .
these last very long and do not have bubbles .
makes the cupboard look more organized as well .
this thing is a dinosaur at this point .
maybe this due he cooks more than i due .
do n't waste your time or money on this .
it is sturdy and beautiful at the same time .
plus , midway treats football like a pro-wrestling match .
the city menu is limited and almost useless .
but the clasp started undoing itself within a year .
my wife uses it infrequently but i like quality .
this is an a+ seller and product.thank yousincerelyjodi .
the other one split , but stayed in position .
i would only buy it as a practical joke .
i have a little radio shack am/fm/tv radio .
virtually all glass bakeware sold in the u.s .
this unit is nothing like the old one .
it far surpasses using a knife to cut pizza .
every game in the series has been a improvement .
makes regular cans top heavy when on can .
i originally purchased my three containers 5-6 years ago .
got this espresso maker when my old one broke .
i 'm not a hearing expert or audio engineer .
this is a great product for that job .
i would not hesitate to purchase another one .
the hinged end goes on the rail first .
at first i was very excited about this game .
the thing came in plain no brand packaging .
i throw the ingredients in & bread happens .
it holds the gun too far from my body .
the one in my car lasted two uses .
this is a light but well made funnel .
i just wish the loop was a little bigger .
just rinse quickly in warm water and dry .
up yours and the ship you rode on .
how can you go wrong at this price ? .
you must vacuum before you wash the carpet .
great grill pan for getting those beautiful sear marks .
boy could i not have been more wrong .
absolutely no tools required - only about five minutes .
i can highly recommend it despite the high price .
this is a great cover for the blackberry .
the lights blnked but did not stay on .
i am very impressed with this pressure cooker .
for me one of the best wine cutters .
the dough does not fall through the holes .
i ca n't drink coffee from a pot anymore .
i like that i can shut it off first.3 .
i was disappointed it did n't help at all .
they seem to hold an edge very well .
i miss that phone just thinking about it .
it really does have a great soft leather feel .
my son is in love with all things scooby .
i did like the sunflower crunch as well .
i was hoping for a little larger baking pan/area .
its the right size for htc mytouch 4g .
i doubt i would purchase this in the future .
i really enjoyed this product for my daughter .
i have it suctioned to a beanbag type mount .
almonds crack more teeth than any other nut .
i use themmainly for my breville pizza baker .
i read that on someones microwave it did n't .
this is not what i expected from timex .
i was really not very impressed with this product .
this was a gift and they loved it ! .
this product is only a little short of amazing .
i 've nothing but praise for the delicious product .
good value and great solution to knife drawer chaos .
not going to ever order another tiffen item ever .
the scraper may be just a little stiff .
looks different than what 's pictured but works fine .
you can aerate the wine in the glass .
i suggest buying your camcorder from anyone but panasonic .
most of the time the wilderness is uninhabited .
i was expecting a heavier weight jersey fabric .
we bought 2 of these and sent both back .
i recommend this product and the price was great .
the shape is stable but looks a bit unstable .
the entire bottom end of the phone is covered .
it will call out the person calling you .
i wish they would bring back the old slimquick .
i 'll see if the lettering wears with use .
i would never again order lingerie made in china .
i was not really expecting one this fancy ! .
however , it will spark with the fire starter .
i then put on my mineral powder on top .
the show is just missing random bits and pieces .
the battery was fine for a 1-2 months .
the instruction book says zilch about weighing the flour .
so far i 'm very happy with this product .
would likely be fine for small cats and kittens .
so far i have not seen any noticeable results .
the 150 pack is a rigid cardboard box .
i have cracked 3 , 7 inch tablets before .
i searched for accessories for my new droid x .
i have baked 3 loaves of bread in it .
very heavy pan so bakes nice and even .
the ones with mixed colors are so much better .
it is extremely sturdy and makes very strong coffee .
this product is advertised to setup and hold underwater .
burned about 10 with media error messages galore .
not sure it has done any good for me .
the only advantage is that this is inexpensive .
do n't be put off by the low price .
bought to transfer cooking oil back to bottle .
i used these at a local crab feed .
this is exactly what i was looking for .
just a few drops of essential oil will do .
the flavor was comparable to other mixed potions .
it is too much , and stings the eyes .
i am very happy with this speaker phone .
the game is slower than you would ever expect .
it has brought him hours of endless joy .
i like the shape of the cups very much .
i have a small bathroom with zero counter space .
my biggest issue is with the ball adjustment .
its a large size being 12 inches across .
i remember in the past that meaning mono .
good case for my cell phone ipone 4s .
seems to be falling apart with not much use .
this scoop a versatile workhorse in the kitchen .
it is very clear at the same time .
i 'm not at all pleased with this product .
this is the perfect pan for making single-skillet meals .
it was like sawdust but spongy and moist .
i was looking forward to this game being released .
it either does those longer slices or really tiny .
was very shocked with how small these were .
not really.love mine and it will last forever .
will not order again as they were very expensive .
love that they maximize the water in your tub .
this was due to resistance from the potato .
on top of that it was on sale .
the lids fit perfectly , the quality is great .
i ca n't say i like it much either .
unopened and they will not take it back .
food burns to a crust on the sides .
do not waste your money these earphones are awful .
the painted name on the bar is barely marred .
more involved than i would like to have it .
they bake very well and clean up easily .
but for my current needs , this is great .
it holds a goodly amount and seems well made .
judging from these reviews , there are those people .
by the third day i was getting severe irritation .
it is rugged and has alreadysurvived several drops .
this is the perfect tool at a great price .
quinine is a powerful drug although it stops cramps .
add to that it 's not very pretty glitter .
this kvm works great in the correct situations .
safety is important.definitely do not buy this product .
i have super fine hair that gets greasy .
gets cold fast and ice cream in no time .
just give it a good rinse and air dry .
my next one will have a temperature control .
texans love their barbeque and i 'm no exception .
opened it up to expect the battery connection .
this piece of plastic does nothing for me .
this works for up to a 12oz cup/mug imo .
the screen i bought is in great shape .
the recipes on the outside are a bit gimmicky .
the bottom container is the only leakproof container .
the one we had was a little old .
pretty easy to assemble and very easy to use .
i tried taking 1 a day after breakfast .
this one is perfect and it matches my dashboard .
the gameplay is pathetic and the camera movements disorientating .
the stick on one included seemed tobe of quality .
it has four thickness levels to choice from .
ended up throwing the last two bottle away .
my 8-cup bodum french press fills it up .
first thing i noticed was how heavy it was .
the prices they quoted me were way too high .
this stand is supposed to hold a shaving brush .
the speaker on my cell phone is much louder .
im still farty and bloated at times = ) .
however , i was very upset with this product .
looking for a cross pan , i recommend this .
i only use them as an emergency spare pair .
this is an attractive easy to use popcorn popper .
this griddle is a welcome addition to my set .
it is the only one you can use .
it was easy to put together and its sturdy .
not as cute in person as the photo .
this is the second one in 10 years .
better off getting a trimag triple magazine holder .
this was listed under the made in usa section .
if your device uses usb power to recharge .
and ups in our area refuses to do pickups .
i did not like the coverage from this product .
i definitely feel this is a test-before-you-buy title .
this product falls short in two very important areas .
we have been using them for about a month .
wore it religiously for a month and saw nothing .
disposing the bag keeps all the dirt together .
i have only opened the packet to smell it .
no long handle to get in the way .
elasticwith metal clamps thatarestrong and hold very well .
the industrial on/off switch is durable and positive .
read about passion fruits to see for yourself .
the only good thing about this is graphics .
8g will net you between 600-800 average songs .
i believe in second chances so i tried again .
i do n't think i recieved the right thing .
it comes in nice packageing and fits great .
a real mood killer while playing any game .
instead , spend your money on biore pore strips .
i 've worn a size 13 for 15 years .
i 'm going to have to get another pair .
keeps hot tea/coffee hot to warm for hours .
this thing is a real challenge to use .
i did not do anything for it to break .
this turner works well and is nice and sturdy .
however , the metal ring is a different story .
reminds me of the old drive in food days .
in it 's loosest definition - yes it is .
i gave mine away to charity for children .
another cable i have does not have this issue .
it does exactly what it says it does .
the picture is much better than the reality .
like the way they detach from the ring .
its to to loose like i said they gave .
jabras tend to fit in my ears better .
i can charge it with the case on .
my cats not interest in this thing at all .
beautiful stainless steel and such a nice size .
i was weary about even trying this product .
i have bought other reconditioned items without much luck .
too thick and it sticks out too much .
it does not read dvds but read cd .
i thank you and my fingers thank you .
i was looking forward to receiving this robe .
i bought these in ivory , for a wedding .
how he broke this bowl is a mystery .
i 'm amazed at the reviews of this product .
i really like the style and the material .
this is a wood block that holds knives .
we also bought good quality larger stainless steel roasters .
your ship bounces off of planets like nerf balls .
i thought my batteries went out and changed them .
the modes are better then the first one .
always got ta remember to grease it really well .
but also , it really manages to clean vegetables .
diluting it with water helped a bit , however .
its much easier to use and most important .
and there is no way to make it work .
i just reordered these sturdy and most useful hangers .
does n't even come close to fitting on anything .
the bottom is cooked more than the top .
installed one of them and it works well .
i got a decent stone at a reasonable price .
i have a couple of other bluetooth headsets .
thank you oxo for making high quality products ! .
they broke , as they did for everybody else .
makes holding the phone much easier and more comfortable .
this shirt fit until it was washed and dried .
it wobbled which made my knee move wrong .
good deal for 2 batteries and a charger .
this is certainly not one of my favorite fragrances .
for essentially the same price you get two brushes .
i could get one tab in but never both .
you only get a hint of the flavor peach .
in that time this trap has killed no mice .
my pups were not even interested in this toy .
sugar - the third ingredient here is sugar .
it is as good as the apple iphone bumper .
i wish i can give a 10* rating .
the wire is good and charge very well .
i wish i could give it zero stars .
front of fan comes off easily to clean blades .
worked great and was just what we needed .
this review is for the boxwave case with stand .
they go on easily and last for many months .
nothing bad about the product , worth the money .
large game selection from ps1 and ps2 titlescons.1 .
no blue led and no charging on any device .
the slider function drags but it still works .
i both emailed panasonic and called their service line .
i was hesitant to try this knockoff batt case .
price is great and the coffee tastes great .
so testing must be done at 1:1 viewing .
but all gps units need line-of-sight to the sky .
end of story.save your money and look elsewhere ! .
i have the same problem the red blinking syndrome .
very comfortable head phone and sound quality is okay .
my other canner is a large presto pressure canner .
it will not stay together it keeps coming apart .
i received a better signal with the wire antenna .
take my advice and do not use this product .
he got it for christmas at six months old .
sheets are soft and i like the material.4 .
cord works well and does n't add charge time .
the storage container for this one is excellent .
so i guess it works a little bit .
i use this with my cast iron skillets .
having 7 reptiles , we do go through bulbs .
the cups were not even close to being dd .
the candy itself is like a regular candy cane .
hot paninis and a mug of steaming soup .
the first broke about a week after fist used .
i am not overly fond of the curved end .
they frequently get lost on the screen clutter .
i have n't had any problems with it yet .
this does the trick for what i needed .
i would recommend this case to a friend .
so , i was looking forward to trying this .
i just do n't find much fun about this .
i expected the cleansing cloths to have more texture .
i am still quite disappointed with the remote .
save your money and buy a headset or something .
my first box of this tea was heavenly .
this is a good size for two cappuccinos .
this one was not a good fit for us .
she always wants the same electronics i buy .
you 're still randomly crushing buttons hoping something works .
at least the tea is organic and fair trade .
i looked on anazon and found this table .
functions fast just like i need it to .
i will keep this review updated as things change .
i bought this to transfer tapes to cd 's .
we got this to use in our 32 ft .
they were ok but this is even better .
it tries to be a hybrid of all three .
i started taking this supplement about a month ago .
then it started interfering with the network , i.e .
the price was right and it is working fine .
they do the job and clean up super easy .
the machine worked perfectly , and it tastes delicious .
i purchased this for my many earrings and necklaces .
worth more than the money spent for it ! .
this arrived a day before i expected it .
she loves it and really likes the color .
i believe that you will like this product .
i bought this to have a few extras .
my hydration pack fit easily into its compartment .
this undoubtedly makes it last longer and cost less .
they are very oily and the taste is bland .
so keep in mind this design weakness when purchasing .
even with weekly cleaning there was some biological return .
i like that there are punch combos and such .
great nice attractive cover to keep the dust out .
the biggest difference is the price of the creative .
i ca n't recommend this product for this reason .
the start button began to get less responsive .
i think that this was not a good idea .
i enjoy listening to my iphone while i do .
went back to old colander-too time consuming to use .
you basically have about 4 types of each .
it is also excellent for cutting through tomato skins .
there is only a teaspoons worth of each seed .
it works nicely in my non stick pans .
this is not my favorite product from olay .
this pizza rollers makes rolling the dough so easy .
it 's sturdy and my phone snaps right in .
never ever use the scooper to melt butter .
i 'm using it with a samsung galaxy s3 .
i just did n't like the flavor of it .
the box even has the samsung halogram on it .
it provided extended life for a few days only .
it cooks perfectly evenly and distributes heat throughout .
okay , this chopping block really is a block .
they do what they are designed to do .
it is a very good appliance to own .
i have no control of when my subscriptions happens .
oh yeah this is a dumb charger also .
they say there is a hum with the fountain .
they need to give more for the price .
i am replacing all my cheapo stuff with glass .
it does not enhance any type of memory retention .
operation is very easy to manage and extremely functional .
i would definitely order from this company again .
i thought i would give it a try .
will not waste my money on this again .
my poor dachshund/maltese mix has terrible problems with fleas .
maybe slightly heavier plastic will prevent the cracks .
i think the handle of this one is great .
at best my internet connection is slow and erratic .
we bake our steak fries with this too .
it 's a workhorse that never fails to spin .
did not have any issues with the seller .
i would highly recommend using either hydor or fluval .
amazon list this cereal as being certified organic .
helpful.i tried doing a factory reset , no change .
recieved the item fast and it was packaged well .
two sizes so it fits my espresso machine .
i clips are nice , but thats about it .
there is something i definitely need to mention however .
want to return it and get another one ! .
i do n't think pie weights are for me .
they are non-stick tips for your non-stick pans .
the float is supposed to raise activating the fan .
let me just say how much i love amazon .
many slices were too thin to freeze properly .
volume buttons hard to use - too close together .
absolutely no complaints where this item is concerned .
i wish i would have read more reviews .
if fails again i 'm adding to this review .
they are great and pretty much as advertised .
my son got this as a gift for easter .
the local video stores around me have dropped dc .
i 'd suggest you look for a better product .
i was able to get beautiful thin uniform pasta .
air bubbles are terrible to get off the screen .
while this tea was acceptable it lacked any depth .
it has done a terrific job so far .
lucky i had a friend that wanted it .
i have used this lense about 4 times .
got this as a birthday present for my wife .
no more rusty or unraveling scouring pads either .
it is very durable in and of itself .
i had no clean up to do at all .
never heard of squad weapons i guess ? useless .
but i was wrong.the game is made very cheaply .
i got a 2 cup glass measuring cup .
a little more work to clean up after .
this is a well built dual usb slot charger .
another design flaw that did n't have to be .
they have told all there friends about them .
it is leather & fits the phone well .
i have used it now for about a month .
now i have to keep the darn blender .
if i was purchasing this item in a store .
if this was free , it would be overpriced .
she loves it and uses it quite a bit .
i expected a lot more from high sierra .
good to have different sizes in you kitchen .
any color zebra print is fine with me .
she is afraid of how sharp the shuns are .
after a year the unit quit working completely .
there are much better base coats out there .
it is very important to read the instructions first .
canon needs to iron out the problems in this .
this leave-in conditioner actually made my hair very dry .
running it through the dishwasher is even easier .
they are also free of pva and phthalates .
i also love the wire tie that came with .
they are not round as shown in the picture .
they find this toy engaging for about 5 minutes .
the bag only comes with a few filets .
the percolator brews an excellent cup of coffee .
the flap that covers charger port does not close .
i do n't see much difference in the taste .
the price is great and it works even better .
i guess some people react differently to different supplements .
can be difficult to attach to a vent .
i 'd buy another but this one works grewt .
we are not impressed by the mango/passion fruit/banana blend .
i have written an extensive review of the origin .
both the product and service were as advertised .
areas that were dead now have a signal .
i have used it for 4 months nows .
i also noticed some breakage while using this product .
they all say it should really be a calculator .
not the tiniest sign of rusting or damage .
water sputters all over the stove near handle now .
the menu is tedious and cumbersome to work with .
i bought one for me and one for girlfriend .
i used to own this seiko black monster .
but i just wanted to let you all know .
it does not have pockets , which is annoying .
invest you money into a good gadget like oxo .
the ivory is very pretty , no yellow undertones .
if you want to waste your money go ahead .
lumines and dynasty warriors both have this design feature .
no chance.the quality of the bag is fine .
i would not recommend this product to anyone else .
i go through a lot of screen protectors .
but the ad states nothing about this fact .
it barely fit the mount on my baby eagle .
this is the perfect small whisk for salad dressings .
i have never been disappointed in this product .
do your dog a favor and buy something else .
i hope to keep it for a long time .
every time now my bread comes out perfect .
however , now the probes are starting to fail .
i had no idea it was so small .
wish i read the reviews before i bought it .
first time i used this pan i boiled potatoes .
it would be nice if it was slightly thicker .
i recommend looking at other zombie type games .
i cant even hear myself walk without these on .
it was a 21 on the butler creek scale .
watch out for this and you should be fine .
especially in that 10-hour hiatus it takes every day .
the pan is surprisingly hefty and very well-made .
i guess the one good thing they are pink .
the 2215 seems particularly bad in this regard .
it 's simple to use and easy to clean .
i would recommend it to anyone and everyone .
seller said all of them are like that .
it even has special pockets for scissors and tape .
it 's a hard plastic case that fits well .
there was yarn hanging from 3 of the fingers .
perfect for making small amounts in a toaster oven .
this mouse does not have a sensitive signal .
half of the shoe is missing in my opinion .
it takes up little space and is sturdy .
using the squirrel tweezers is tedious and feels pointless .
i bought 3 of them just to be sure .
these animal shapes vitamins are comparable to flinstones vitamins .
it sat for 30 minutes and no steam .
the case fit well and protected my phone .
i use these cutters for ceramics and clay projects .
it was just too loud for my daughter .
i really was very unhappy with this belt .
oh well , hope you guys have better luck .
i am a 34b and wear size 10 clothing .
this is a very nice storage bowl set .
it heats perfectly even each and every time .
actually i order that one twice on purpose .
i think this product should be pulled from amazon .
like the title says , worked and fit great .
this is impressive because pure ethanol is a solvent .
they looked like cheap metal , almost plastic looking .
otherwise this is worth the price and more .
otherwise it basically tells you to be funny .
i had problems at first with this battery .
combat was interesting , but got old real fast .
something that seems to happen frequently in my pockets .
this is a really heavy duty measuring cup .
easily the most comfortable headphones i 've ever owned .
maybe these other reviewers know something i do n't .
i use them all day on a single charge .
some vacs i compared it with had wibbly-wobbly handles .
should not happen on a new $ 65 grill .
hot tap water will be a poor substitute .
my lens was sent back a second time .
does exactly what i need it to do .
arrived much quicker than advertised - about 2 days .
you can operate it handsfree by voice command .
i do not recommend buying this headset at all .
these are comfortable but the sound is awful .
many have lasted years and years of use .
i have excellent surge supprssion in my power supply .
this does not make for an enjoyable gaming experience .
good deal but does n't help me at all .
i love that it has a detachable cable .
then you get a couple seconds of control .
note : this dock is only for the razr .
but i do like the shiny and glittery look .
i bought this grill because it fit my budget .
purchased these for my wife and she loves them .
two minutes and i 've got my afternoon snack .
if anyone has suggestions please let me know .
some have commented on the shape of the spoons .
now every bar of soap is the same size .
i did n't find it to make any difference .
they clean up easily and the lids fit well .
this is not the prettiest case ever made .
i 've tried many bluetooth headsets from many brands .
i bought this game when it first came out .
dont like to see my iphone scratched up .
as the good reviews state , these are classics .
for the price i guess it was worth it .
even my littlest perfectly peeled and cored her apple .
brewer 's yeast are high on selenium as well .
pairing takes a good 12 to 15 seconds .
quality seemed adequate for price of the mitt .
gave this to my shiba inu / shepherd mix .
my son love it it match with his collection .
every kitchen should have a set of these .
this case wouldnt protect your phone from anything .
the suction is adequate to take over from there .
this is the worst camera i have ever used .
do n't get me wrong - super mario bros .
i got this for my son for christmas .
this fragrance was not pleasant to me at all .
i suppose my cocker spaniel is a small one .
and on top of that , the vendor sucked .
this is embarrassing when giving as a gift .
they feel like a fresh pedicure each and everytime .
as soon as i used it it broke .
it keeps the iphone very secure and protected .
i always buy whole bean starbucks french roast coffee .
these guns are pretty cool looking little toys .
bali underwear is more comfortable and fits great .
theres nothing you can do to make them work .
you have to use a coarse grind of coffee .
i guess one could only expect a sequel .
the bowls are also very easy to clean .
i was looking for battery-operated electric massage devices .
i estimate these will hold around 20 big vitamins .
it is good for voice recognition feature works great .
first word of advice , game sucked really bad .
i definitely love a cup of freshly brewed coffee .
sure wish they had one size fits all .
my dog had not interest in these at all .
it does n't look sharp but it sure is .
it scoops a half cup in one serving .
this is a handy thing for smart phone users .
buy these while you can still purchase them .
it is tender and tasty and pops really well .
i was concerned about the thickness and durability .
great idea not to have a button or anything .
i 'm suprise that is still working after 2wk .
quality product that wouldnt hesistate to buy again .
gift for a friend using a company issued phone .
this game is not a persistent world mmorpg .
this mascara was waaaaay too clumpy for me .
the color is consistent with the photo , however .
for christmas i bought myself a new toaster oven .
this put correct shape and knives are now sharp .
so i would never purchase from them again .
the battery only cost a couple of dollars .
do not buy this unless you shave the head .
this is my least favorite game in the franchise .
had no problem installing the card in my phone .
visit the app store for some better apps .
this blender is a star in the kitchenaid family .
also , they did not make a clean cut .
very happy about the product and the purchase .
the spoon rest is large and works well .
this is the best bluetooth i have had .
an earlier reviewer has inadvertently posted incorrect information .
i was unable to swallow these large pills .
for many things this works better than my blender .
the call quality is truly second to none .
but they do ! they are great steak knives .
i just wish it gripped my belt as well .
i am now using two bare-bones nokia 2720 .
but will constantly disconnect and reconnect at random .
hard to believe they took this to market ! .
im returning it asap.it didnt get anything up .
and oh my god is this thing loud .
check out the reviews and decide for yourself .
this only uses weight to keep the lid down .
i am really happy with this hoover product ! .
great quality and love the ease of use .
i waited with baited breath for this game .
i might rent it but i seriously doubt it .
i purchased 2 of these for my mobile kitchen .
needs rubber change in 3-6 months depending on usage .
i got this a couple of months ago .
love it and will definitely purchase another one soon .
like it so much we purchased a second one .
audio quality is good as well as the mic .
next headphones will definitely not be the triports .
and if u get it wet then ur screwed .
first of all , the unit is too small .
have had no problem with its misting so far .
use a duel charger instead with two separate cables .
it also works well enough for softer cheese .
she loves the easy on and off mic button .
amazon shipped quickly and had it packaged well .
the concept behind the shapes and materials is effective .
and holding the package up reading about the contents .
these tongs are totally worthless in my kitchen .
none-the-less i am very satisfied with the product .
we are very happy with this ice cream maker .
the screen protector did not cover the entire screen .
i 'll update if anything to the contrary happens .
smaller and less cumbersome than the full bucket .
i saw no noticeable difference using this product .
i bought these for a trip to yellowstone .
it is vert mushy and not worth the effort .
the biggest one being how cheaply it is made .
x-men : next dimension is a somewhat enjoyable game .
my only problem is my head is too big .
i needed more four more and ordered them .
it might as well be a single shooter game .
no different then all the others on the market .
i wanted to like these , i really did .
this really made my hair frizzy and unmanageable .
the design of the mirror renders it unusable unfortunately .
they have very nice appearance and work fine .
i discovered it means a fermented dark tea .
i use this as my nightstand alarm clock .
you have to keep assigning units to do it .
i have never minded the taste of spirulina .
so i stopped using this case from now on .
i have own this cdn thermometer since 2005 .
i think it is due to the black casing .
not the nb shoes we are used to .
the bowl on this funnel is pretty large .
and , no i did not drop the lens .
you can clean it very effectively with ajax .
however , her phone would not see the network .
still usable but not good quality at all .
returned the oxo julienne cutter for this one .
when i am using my phone nothing is protected .
those screen protectors fit our htc evo phones perfectly .
bought some extra to go with my dehydrator .
the nose hair trimmer only lasted two month .
great color and fabric but had to return it .
on one toy , the helmet was coming off .
it does n't interfer with operation but is annoying .
this is a ridiculous price for what it is .
another trust issue for me to work on .
i was so excited when we got these .
so applying this morning and night is no picnic .
they look and do what they are supposed to .
do yourself a favor - pass on this product .
i have also had some problems with the graphics .
i had high hopes for blue buffalo kitten food .
i use it with a motorola i870 nextel phone .
at first i thought i used too much water .
put out more heat at comparable wattage settings3 .
all the older maxell discs would play in everything .
bought as replacement bedding for well worn sheets .
i 've had mine for at least five years .
the game is virtually ruined by the slow gamepace .
i hate the chemical smell in this product .
i also thought there were 3 in a package .
she did not realize it till she got home .
most bluetooth headsets irritate my ear to no end .
the directions are very vague and the products cheap .
we have had nothing but trouble with this thing .
the battery life on this phone is outstanding too .
the only thing about that , its not consistent .
not to mention it got here 2 days early .
fine for snapshots of your kids birthday party though .
i recommend the lodge skillet mits for this purpose .
all of my headphones plug in with no interference .
prepared the same butternut squash bisque and oh .
i like this more than my previous foundation .
the components on this press really fit snugly too .
other than that i highly recommend this unit .
if only i could find more cookware like this .
i bought a second one as a gift .
and they do n't yet have a 40.5mm filter .
never been able to do that with another headset .
the record/playback quality of this unit is very poor .
it helps when you freeze the meat slightly .
my food comes out tasty , tender and delicious .
however taking off the case is another story entirely .
comes with instruction and goes on without any problems .
these seem like a great set of measuring spoons .
i wo n't be buying chinese breakfast tea again .
this is the perfect starter set for home cooks .
no chips or cracks on any of them .
for the price it is so worth it .
she is very happy with her phone again .
it sits on my stove all the time .
thedistance is too greatbetween the.last snap and the foot .
i further my quest to find the perfect hairspray .
my wife has been through three of these watches .
it has noise reduction to help block background noise .
it works but not very bright during the day .
i 'm glad i was home when it happened .
wrecked ones and it was good to go ! .
first you have to spray them with pam though .
good size , and easy to hold remote control .
good product just do n't need two of them .
i have been using this cream since june .
they stack-store and are easy to keep clean .
the one i got had ounces and cups .
it also slides in and out of pockets easily .
i was at first enamored of this product .
i got this to use on my induction cooktop .
i 've never been able to do that before .
i trashed it was not as i hoped for .
i was using it to roast coffee beans .
and almost any other x-box game has better graphics .
this can opener is so much easier to use .
i think that it needs upgrading by the manufactor .
all i can do is set the clock .
my only complaint is the lack of color selection .
it is ergonomically shaped and easy to use .
thats why the 2 star.the material is nice .
she loves it and it definitely protected her phone .
it is a good size for 2-4 people .
looking at the pics i thought it was .
they are light duty and do n't zip smoothly .
i tried it with peeled and unpeeled garlic .
inside was another plastic pouch with the slippers .
we mainly do oranges and grapefruit here in fl .
and the shovel is the perfect size too ! .
it makes my nail polish matte , not shine .
i use this for grinding spices and dried chiles .
generally it can get more oily at the roots .
lasted a whole 15 minutes with our beagle puppy .
disabeling the c-stick does n't make any game hard .
this meat dial thermometer works like a charm .
finally an egg poacher even i can use .
these are very nice sheets and a fantastic value .
they looked really tacky but well made and sturdy .
probably would n't work to save my life anyway .
well it was not what i was expecting .
terrible do not buy this product adsfeafaefaef ewqf eewa .
i just received my 'package ' of these pads .
good sound all around good quality for the price .
if you like food period do not order these .
dont waste your money on this junk product .
that wind was about equivalent to a light breeze .
stores easily , much better than a box grater .
enough so , that we are returning the toys .
well ring binders stay open when you open them .
lightweight and temperature safe handles , make cooking safe .
it makes perfect coffee grounds each and every time .
this is the worst piece of crap ever .
it took a couple of minutes to process .
i have several number 12 lodge cast iron skillets .
this device is very uncomfortable , it actually hurts .
this is a lot better than i expected .
this is a great knife for the money .
this worked great for my dog for years .
i received lipstick whereas i ordered lip pencil .
verizon could still be having some 4g problems too .
it may be only for certain hair types .
for the price i had little to lose .
i used it for close to a year .
our hours are 8am to 8pm monday-friday et .
product arrived and appeared to be old and dry .
it had two levels : off and molten lava .
this can opener more than exceeded my expectations .
the ones you use to wash your car .
the kick stand itself looks and feels durable .
it heats up fairly quickly for the price point .
it 's not that i bought the wrong size .
this is a high quality set of flatware .
my son got this for me as a gift .
it 's also great for cutting dough in half .
the silicone case feels great and grips my hand .
could be mashed up chemicals for all i know .
it looks much cheaper than other s shape cases .
it worked after i bent the lips out .
love this addition to make my baths more enjoyable .
i really wanted a razr so i went looking .
lightweight with plenty of power for smaller jobs .
i 'd better stick with my old cleansing oil .
anyways , i wish i could get a refund .
not sure if i will continue to use this .
i have gone through 2 probes so far .
i got this strainer to use to strain fats .
i have several pieces and they all performvery well .
great deal since it was a pack of three .
i am very petite and have really small hands .
very sturdy and nice and small for a countertop .
i guess i got what i paid for .
this is the perfect single pan for my needs .
the game was over in two or three hours .
the disk records perfectly but not the download .
but when i seen this i was really upset .
i can smell it in the next room .
dead after less then 3 days of usage .
i have never had a problem with it .
5/19 - used for a partial mashvery pleased .
i purchase this one because it is an oxo .
great price and very sturdy shelves for nice storage .
it always gets the job done quickly and easily .
i am still getting nothing but static noise .
we have purchased three of them for different houses .
i do n't know what else you could want.p.s .
i used it twice and it performed well .
had one before and it lasted for years .
use your fingernail to press the volume buttons .
i like oxo products and this has not disappointed .
but you can no navigate or flick the screen .
i have had this knife for 20 years probably .
it cracks nuts , what else can i say .
( except hit and run and road rage .
unfortunatly this game falls short on many levels .
however he 's had no interest in it whatsoever .
easy re-filling and cleaning makes this unit very attractive .
a large baking bowl will not do it .
you 'll probably learn some words and their spelling .
i hope you consider my experience before buying one .
after several whaps , i made a tiny chip .
i 'll stick with my tried and true favorites .
so far it is really nice quality can opener .
i 'm so so so disappointed with this product .
fluffy and pretty enough to package and sell .
sent them back to koss for warranty repair .
the connection stayed tight and continues to operate perfectly .
threw all 6 i ordered in the trash .
this product looks great and is easy to install .
the mic projects my voice well to others .
i would recommend this stand for iphone 4 .
it is a bit too thick for smaller hands .
do n't use it in the car that much .
but it made the skin very very dry .
do not try to knead dough in this blender .
works great about a quarter of the time .
it just did n't cut it for the cats .
if you want jerky do not purchase this brand .
i was still with body odor using this stuff .
it had worked perfectly just a few hours before .
in other words they must not be extended .
this may have been a problem for others .
nothing stick to them and they do n't scratch .
great power , fits my cigarette lighter very well .
this product increases the wrinkles and makes you breakout .
i have not encountered problems , price was good .
picture looks like black and white with green tint .
almost 3 weeks have gone by and nothing .
nice sound the on off switch is located correct .
seriously , i have tried multiple and gave up .
i love the shape and size of these wineglasses .
you can also use your mp3 's as ringtones .
i ended up calling amazon and telling them .
honestly , this thing is so cute and small .
works with white potatoes as well as sweet .
i was always careful never to get it wet .
the tools are sturdy and easy to use .
i grind rather the screen does n't fit well .
this item was something i was anxious to get .
i tried all the different switches to change voices .
these do n't stick and are the perfect color .
i bought it based on other people 's reviews .
we plan to put it at our new bar .
other than that , i do like the machine .
it can charge and use the flashlight only .
you should advertise this crate for a large chihuahua .
not too large , and it provides decent protection .
i love having the mini bowl for smaller jobs .
before purchasing a coffee maker i checked consumers report .
i read the instructions before using the pan .
shovel is a lot smaller than it was proceeded .
now i can hang my damp lingerie more discreetly .
the pan heats evenly and does a great job .
it heated up rapidly and cooked burgers well .
we expected to have a very strong magnetic putty .
some effort required to get it in properly .
my dogs were not impacted by it at all .
but it is imperative you use this little baby .
but it never got past the soupy slush stage .
the presto pressure cooker was everything as advertised .
yayyyy for all those that this product worked for .
this is a common occurrence looking at other reviews .
it is absolutely useless for any form of protection .
if it was not broken i would like it .
i have always owned a kitchen aid mixer .
all fittings including blades and stem are sized different .
dropped my rating from four stars to two .
anything is better than this hunk of junk .
i do wash it on top rack though too .
make a couple of eggs in a minute .
this is exactly what i was looking for .
i have received many compliments on its look .
it is very hard to time it just right .
it was delicate so it quickly became broken .
not exactly confidence inspiring , to say the least .
i would honestly just buy a different sorter .
and there is a knack to sealing the lid .
this is a great , sturdy but flexible spatula .
i feed my cats felidae pure sea salmon .
which makes me second guess how it was .
small , would be alright for young girls maybe .
i was unable to get the device to work .
i was n't surprised that the younger liked it .
the ridges on this pan make it worse .
they are very heavy and hold 16 oz .
there are also a lot of large monsters .
does the job and the price is right .
it looked like it would be so much fun .
we bought these to move our super twin mattresses .
the gameplay is full of glitches and other issues .
tried loading different apps hoping to trigger a response .
the braun did a superior job in making smoothies .
facing down so my phone is getting aircondition .
however it is not worth $ 40 for it .
i use my phone a lot for business .
purchase 5 of these at the same time .
they leave me feeling much better than this does .
i use my food sealer several times a wee .
not bad for a young kid i suppose .
i bought this for use with the mr .
do not buy this shirt from this company .
it is large and needs space to keep .
i think she threw the hand mixer away .
have not had any problems with the stand .
keeping that in mind , here are the negatives:1 .
it fits very well with very little weight .
it is easy to clean and stores away nicely .
this was certainly not the case with us .
this was a good product at a great price .
the product arrived on time and is as described .
first things first - it 's really crappy plastic .
the router also disconnects you every 24 hours .
and reading the troubleshoot tips in the manual .
the risks with a drip machine are far less.4 .
i got this stuff thinking it would do wonders .
neither did i.the kettle is very easy to clean .
i keep the rage repair/ rebuild kits in this .
hoping to give them a test run next .
i would highly definitely pick this battery up .
this one is the only one not received .
15 of the 30 are now in the trash .
the handles are great for opening jars too .
this is not the way to treat customers .
much better product and both are under $ 10 .
you should have service within 15 minutes of activation .
i like the lipped edges to use as handles .
wow ! i love this iphone car mount holder .
just a bit of alcohol and average scent .
this bra has little or even no support .
in their defense , they do see commercial use .
this pitcher is perfect for making bullet coffee .
there is only 4 ounces to a box .
high hopes but i have seen no difference .
the quality of the sound is simply outstanding .
pet tabs have been a good product for years .
the recipe that comes with it is tasty .
it totally failed just 10 days out of warranty .
i waited about 30 minutes the first time .
the short & wider design is so much better .
i have wired buds for listening to music .
the game will just force you off the track .
if you are any kind of cook buy this .
this tastes like carbonated orange juice , very tart .
2 for 2 have failed in the field .
i was surprised to note the battery strength increased .
it works great and makes it plenty hot .
i bought this for our trip to jamaica .
( if there is any little kids like that .
this basket was the perfect gift for him ! .
this is how i feel when i carb load .
taken altogether , this makes it a deal breaker .
it had to be returned for a new one .
these were a gift for dh last christmas .
i have two of these that i use together .
the underside of the food was evenly cooked .
have no issues at all with the protector .
works good , battery lasts much longer than expected .
they fall off of my ankles when i walk .
it is a very cute little food processor .
i look forward to hearing back from you .
i will be ordering another one for my husband .
my greatest appreciation is the design of it .
the hip action salmon flavor was very disappointing indeed .
usable only on jeans or some heavy denim .
it is simple to use and is fast grinding .
the measurement labels wore off within a year .
this is the second one i have purchased .
i get a days worth of use easy .
and i did not like it at all .
i 'm not sure because i really like mine .
you never know when you will need it .
it produced about 30 great waffles before it died .
price is good for the cooker you get .
i adore the christmastime peppermint mocha drinks from starbucks .
i also really like the sound that it makes .
i ended up selling it at a consignment shop .
i had never canned before buying this canner .
product arrived on time and in great condition .
this company needs to find a better way .
i love the count up timer for this function.7 .
this costs way too much for such little product .
i will be returning this product to noreclo .
pairs easily and utilizes voice command and caller announce .
five of the sections get filled with grounds .
i would not recommend purchasing this corn popper .
it fit but man is it scratchy material ! .
i used it for 6 months and no results .
i read the reviews and decided on this cuisinart .
the occasional wipe down with the butcher block oil .
look at the product ingredients before buying any treats .
housing feels cheap and flimsy compared to my 510 .
this is the 3rd one i have purchased .
but what it does do , it does well .
this has been a life-saver.- sucks up water wonderfully .
the last package i bought from amazon were terrible .
maybe over time it 'll get easier to open .
started wearing the watch again and had same reaction .
it is used every day and washes up well .
this is a great at work coffee makers .
i am very disappointed in this swiffer product .
it was time to invest in a good one .
attach the ends to each other with velchro .
the inside is a soft black felt like material .
a nice heavy ladle with a soft grip .
it easily pairs my cellphone model without a headache .
this is a great knife sharpener and a workhorse .
but all this is not without its price .
what a very sharp paring knife for any task .
it was removed a small handful of times .
i did not like these truffles at all .
amazon is very good in their return process .
i would strongly discourage anyone from buying this product .
leave the stamped steel knives to the newlyweds .
the valve is short so it is an adventure .
claw actually works only half of the time .
i am no longer concerned - they work perfectly .
had thought they would be a little smaller .
the characters are n't fluid and everything seems forces .
there 's software that does it better and cheaper .
i think it really depends on pets =/ .
customer service like this is always a plus ! .
i live in them and they are so comfortable .
this is just a good buy for me .
these earphones sound quite good for the price .
over all it is a good screen proctor .
i expect it to last a long time .
too many cut-scenes and not enough interesting developments .
but because of this i do n't recommend it .
our advice : use the long hair attachment first .
product is comparable to higher end glass screen protectors .
cheap looking and weights less then 1 ounce .
all the spice dust sticks to the damp cloth .
i have never used a salad spinner before .
im stuck with it , somewhere in my drawer .
works well and reduces motor wear , i think .
what makes it super hard is the oval shape .
is very heavy and sturdy , easy to use .
it also felt like it dried out my skin .
my granddaughter is very happy with the quality .
i ordered these to make a birthday cake .
they slice though steak the way you would expect .
computer will not pick up signal from transmitter .
the quality of the cover is very good .
very nice to help grip this slippery phone .
1 pair the ear piece detached within 24 hours .
both brands are a absolute waste of money .
my dog usually loves getting food from toys .
i went back to syntha-6 after using this .
the field of view was just to narrow .
i saw everything on youtube except that one .
i use 1 tsp vanilla and 1/8 tsp stevia .
repletion of the quality made by the supplier .
my order arrived perfectly packed , with no damage .
but it is too late to return it .
not happy with this companies very poor quality .
the construction needs to be a bit better .
purchased this one to replace one recently broken .
it holds about 1/4 tsp of peanut butter .
did not do well with my older skin .
it is not worth the plastic its made of .
tried numerous usb ports and replaced the batteries .
very low in carbs when made with splenda .
this is my second purchase of hanes cotton panties .
i have been wanting the bumpits for some time .
this game gives you no incentive to keep playing .
most usb number keypads are not mac compatible .
the floormate costs nearly as much as the steamvac .
i use this to store cat food cans .
i just used it until i got another one .
it also makes pouring the grinds easier somehow .
in fact there was really no figuring out .
neither of my two dogs liked it much .
i am so disappointed in what i received .
another lump of plastic for my junk box .
judging that aspect alone would warrant 5 stars .
the gooseneck attachment broke at the suction cup .
this gets a lot of use in the kitchen .
what you will received is for the new formula .
it had a few scratches and it was faded .
i wanted to like this , i really did .
then boot up your computer and install the driver .
urprised the items look different from the picture .
my cats did n't find these cat crazies interesting .
wep and unsecure this device runs like a champ .
i tested repeatedly with a very accurate thermoworks thermometer .
i highly recommend the product and the distributer .
there are better options out there for something portable .
after it cools down my dogs lick it clean .
however , the simpsons tie-in is not too bad .
in that case it may work well for you .
a definite plus in the kitchen to have ! .
i have five different sized dutch ovens from lodge .
i have only had this product for 5 days .
used it for a year with my kinder class .
this case is as functional as it is pretty .
i love what this item enables me to do .
once again kuhn rikon has developed an outstanding product .
this is the best steamer i have ever had .
give me an old fashioned newton any day .
i did tumble dry/air dry with ultra low heat .
it did n't change the effectiveness in any way .
the blade is catching on the interior metal .
bamboo really brings out the taste of the food .
this barely lasted a year and it stopped working .
this increases the chances of leaving it plugged in .
thanks amazon for theenvironment friendly packaging and quality item .
this will give your phone a full charge .
shipping was great , had no problem with it .
just do n't get your finger in the way .
omg , it does not provide 12oz of coffee .
may have to raise it to 5 star quality .
nintendo didnt make/develope this game and it is obvious .
my cats were never interested in this ball .
after applying it other times it was short lived .
bought this item for use at the office .
i have used this product , but no more .
even the top flaps would not stay closed .
still 5 stars for the best ive ever used .
it will blow away in a strong storm .
i wound up giving it away to a friend .
it charges my devices faster then most wall plugs .
and holding the phone on shoulder was too painful .
it just does n't shave very close at all .
great item easy to clean and to use .
however , the noise-cancelling and volume auto-adjustment is perfect .
every technical aspect of this game was extremely flawed .
this would keep the radios in our guys pockets .
i should have read the reviews and believed them .
they should have made the opening a little bigger .
plus , the eggplants are not fried that well .
then i re-booted for a windows update install .
one flaw in the system is the battery life .
there 's no denying that this does the job .
i use it on my long haired maltipoos .
i have read the vacuum reviews by consumer reports .
tossed it in the trash after a week .
but that only makes me enjoy the waffles more .
this toy is also loud without volume control .
the build is solid and looks like quality material .
at 10 bucks it 's not a bad deal .
i had to buy a phillips to replace it .
those pillowcases are soft , silky and very comfortable .
banana bread and this pan are just that good .
makes it very easy to keep track of .
now i use it for just about everything .
compare the graphics of ninja gaiden to this game .
unfortunately , the overwhelming majority of them were unlistenable .
one on each of telephone and modem connections .
everything still feels greasy even after multiple washings .
first let me say the one and only con .
this was the first day i used the reel .
this sock is all bottom and no top .
amazing hd camcorder and camera under good light.con:1 .
everything your read about the picture quality is true .
i could see some different in the hood .
the trains merely move around the track by themselves .
you grapple here , interogate him get the password .
i 'm not even sure why i bought this .
i triple checked and it was the required battery .
very strange.i finally gave up after round 3 .
for this reason comfort and battery life are paramount .
way cheaper than buying it the the store .
make it useless when it just flops around .
i dont consider myself to have super skinny arms .
almost any coffee becomes drinkable with enough flavored creamer .
i used these shelves to organize my linen closet .
the cuffs are extremely small and tight pre-washing .
i am torn about how to write this review .
this makes it so simple to make them .
i was not at all impressed with this case .
more always seems better so i discounted his advise .
the walgreens brand of inserts provided endless comfort .
the price was good and the cable works great .
also the filter is a bit hard to clean .
this scratching post and others like it are horrible .
both dietary supplements claim to support cardiovascular health .
i appreciate the container to hold them , too .
half a star deduction cause it 's not perfect.ps .
the unit is water resistant and very tough .
this popcorn maker pops almost all the kernels .
this is canned spray-on liquid , not canned air .
i bought a screen protector just in case .
only con is that it is incredibly loud .
just the right weight and excellent non-stick coating .
i 've mentioned the price of replacement filters above .
this is the third car mount i have tried .
but i have a hard time finding those anymore .
not a fan of the product at all .
the old pan did not clean well at all .
comfortable but light still seeps through from the bottom .
the edges are smooth , no burs or slivers .
my tea kettle have all lasted over 6 years .
poured it into the box - very little dust .
love that you can strain tea in there .
the thinness makes up for it.+ durable design .
i would have needed and wanted a long .
bought 6 until i find a new brand .
i have two dogs that wo n't use it .
when i took these , i burped peppermint afterwards .
we got this for christmas and never use it .
the price is great for this air popper .
i bought myself one so i quit borrowing hers .
it was fun looking for all those capsules .
the graphics are decent but that 's about it .
something must have been wrong with his battery .
snug fit on my iphone 4s black from sprint .
i would love to see them do so .
be forewarned that intel has stopped supporting this product .
i received no further contact from the vender .
better protection than the belkin case i had before .
this product works well holding the i-phone in place .
i have a german shepherd and a cavachon .
it broke within about two weeks as well .
the last you will probably ever need to buy .
i replaced it with the country life vitamin .
they replaced the bowl with the broken handle .
when they are not laying flat they bend .
it digs dirt out of grooves and tight corners .
plus in and is angled to minimize space .
i would buy another box of these again .
this is my second calphalon one infused anodized purchase .
this one works well at 3 1/2 inches .
i had it for years without any problems whatsoever .
it heats up very fast and stays hot .
i think the next time i 'll buy japanese .
this does the job and does it well .
i usually buy dental fresh for dogs & cats .
does it really work ? i have no idea .
this was worth what i paid for it .
save your money and buy something that works better .
i primarily use it in my 3 quart saucepan .
my whole life i used pressure pan to cook .
they are in the garbage dump right now .
i think this collection does n't have good colors .
on the second barrel full i squeezed more gently .
it really works and the charge is fairly quick .
i have had a droid x for two years .
even the slight motion can interfere with the signal .
will work if you cut out with knife .
i did n't see any benefits from taking it .
when an army takes damage , their color changes .
i love all of the others i have tried .
boil water and have your ground coffee ready .
my 8 year old maltese loved these treats .
my wife loves her iphone and loves this case .
this is perfect for under my bathroom sink .
i will update comment again if i find otherwise .
i have an iphone and it sits landscape .
i was shocked by all the negative reviews .
no complaints at all about the hanging pot rack .
went to another vet/different lab for more testing .
the lamp was replaced and the ballast was repaired .
perfect dices large or small per different blades .
the story is immersive enough to keep you interested .
my spouse was not a happy at all .
it charges my spare batter but that 's it .
so i duct taped the hose together lol .
every home with a clothes dryer should have one .
such a time saver and cleanup is a breeze .
the unit is simple to set up and maintain .
if positioned right will not come off so easy .
this is a feeder intended for wild orioles .
i was shocked to how dirty my rugs were .
i guess you can never be too protected .
these glasses are heavy with a solid base .
it is now a scoop for cat food .
so i will buy another set for us .
i keep one fully charged at all times .
you can poach the egg but get this .
do yourself a favor and pass on this one .
be sure and follow directions on cleaning and storage .
it keeps liquids warm without being on direct heat .
i 'll keep trying and hope it starts working .
this can take a little trial and error .
about this product because of the low price .
thank goodness amazon knows the meaning of customer service .
unlike android it has its own signature , uniqueness .
i plan to take it to europe this summer .
you can throw these out after the first shot .
i do n't currently have any linux boxes connected .
fiskars badly missed the target on this one .
without much force at all they do give .
this is exactly what i thought it would be .
i got a refund and bought a kabar .
it took almost a month to get to me .
the only downside is that it was too expensive .
there are plenty of better options out there .
i have to commend the vendor for the packaging .
they look very nice on my baked goods though .
i used it up in less than a week .
this is a lovely large completely square-cornered baking sheet .
i thought i was getting full size containers .
sort of fruity , but a little artificial tasting .
it takes less than a minute to connect .
arrived ok and have been used many times already .
clock town itself is divided into four basic areas .
this game is a disgrace to the series .
do n't waste your money on this horrible product .
but mine got moldy and stinky almost immediately .
probably one of the better grinders on the market .
i went back to my old petmate fountain instead .
these are the perfect size for left over foods .
they were totally addicting , crunchy and very flavorful .
small adapter , and sits nicely in the plug .
i thought it was a good use of money .
my child received magic fabric as a gift .
but other than that a very nice coffee maker .
bt250 and this newer bt250v are pure junk .
they still slipped and looked really dirty really quickly .
the clear plastic pouring shield is another big plus .
also the slot for the headphones is too small .
it looks like i am the odd one out .
easy to beat and so boring at that .
it 's a quality case for a great price .
this bowl is perfect for marinading meat and such .
it is easy to pair up and operate .
i love the zebra design that is so popular .
and i just could never get it to work .
the cardboard items lasted 20 second outside the packaging .
it is quiet as far as processors go .
i wish amazon would take the picture down .
the case its self fits like a glove .
anything on the left side of me cut out .
it looks like the stand is more sturdy .
it probably depends on how you handle your phone .
this scent smells like a dated 1970s cheap perfume .
not worth it..if you want to taste crab .
the ones with more shapes are obviously more educational .
but it is dry and doesnt go on properly .
the touch ball is smooth and work well .
the sound quality is quite good as well .
it allows for more space in my drawers .
it makes sense since it is filtering the water .
this product makes a decent cup of coffee .
these are great for my cats ' wet food .
not very happy with this product at all .
will look to chicago metallic when i need bakeware .
love the grand prix series a little bit more .
my second told me that it had write errors .
i checked it out and the mouse is fine .
the water reservoir fill process was cumbersome but manageable .
i always use two hot pads but am nervous .
we have four different kinds of kitchen scissors .
we have since switched to a armorshield screen protector .
slides in and out of pocket with ease .
two days later it lit up and worked .
i dunno if the pc version is any better .
easily the worst wrestling game on the market .
braun 's are great quality but grossly over priced .
these are not the same strength as lactaid .
it has so many pore clogging ingredients and parabens .
it also has a 1 year warranty included .
the top turns to expose three separate-sized holes .
i received this & put ot on my phn .
i would recommend the swype keyboard for extensive use .
i did not get the promised .45 oz .
154f was the only thing it would ever display .
would not transfer data or charge my phone battery .
its flimsy and doesnt even protect the phone .
otterbox brand is a one of a kind .
the rr series has always been sort of self-explanatory .
i have not tried it with another brand phone .
the little white plastic sectioned box is also crappy .
the sound was tinny and i regret the purchase .
there are no difficulty levels to choose from .
this is not something i have to do often .
this has almost no give to it at all .
but holy cow , lay off on the sweetness .
third person mode is once again totally useless .
7 inch is perfect size for my everyday use .
it did n't used to be that way though .
the game is riddled with bugs and crashes .
i am a true believer in this heating core .
i tried it 8 million different angels etc .
so therefore it 's basically a waste of money .
easy to clean with minimal scrubbing and no soap .
the first time i ordered this it never came .
this game was a real let-down for me .
i would have rather have my screen clear .
you get 3 different sizes which is awesome .
extremely disappointed and so was the three-year old .
there goes part of your audio experience right there .
and the convection feature makes the best baked potatos .
i do n't think it was worth the money .
i also use the scoops to make drop biscuits .
a great aid to the expert and new cook .
this is a nice set of steak knives .
i would not hesitate to buy this again .
this product is made sturdy enough to last .
this one is awful for the following reasons:1 .
what can i say , this product works great .
these screen protectors fit the droid x2 perfectly .
wish the utensil holder was not so thin .
but this belt has come off in the middle .
i should say this i a pretty good one .
the smell of the product is amazing - citrus .
it works gently and normally takes 24 hours .
i have purchased this item from a local retailer .
i just ca n't get enough of these headsets .
it 's small and fits nicely on the counter .
i gave it to my husband as gift .
ea makes the same crap over and over .
other than that it is great to have .
this soap made my face and body break out .
these units tend to pick up too much interference .
i ordered 5 cause i keep losing them .
my husband wears a 10 1/2 or 11 .
this makes pulling the hose out a nightmare .
needless to say , we are using other batteries .
and remember to follow instructions for your bluetooth device .
this batch arrived a gooey melted chocolately mess .
you really can lose weight and feel great .
it is very thin and can get under anything .
this was a great buy for the price .
i love it that i bought 3 more ! .
i bought this for the reviews i was reading .
now there 's cat hair stuck to the adhesive .
and it is not fun watching your dog suffer .
this is just what my small kitchen needed .
love the color combos that can be combined .
it 's been over 100 degrees for bloody ever .
i 'll never again buy any product from medline .
i replaced the granules 5-6 times in a year .
they took them but were n't crazy about them .
other reviewer said his died after seven weeks .
i had this for two days before returning it .
i put the needle down , the music began .
it continually looses it 's connection to the internet .
i hope it does n't have the same problem .
this game is the worst in its genre .
neither my kitchenaid or cusinart will do that evenly .
we got this for him as a gift .
having it now encourages me to eat healthier too .
the concept of a bumper case seems neat .
if you care - it 's made in thailand .
the 2 remaining cats did n't care for it .
this repeater is simply two different length antennae .
thought it might be bulky but it 's not .
very heavy duty and durable product from brand name .
i love this machine and the coffee it makes .
now i warm it over the stove in this .
scraped this off with a plastic bowl scraper gently .
the scent was very strong on opening the bottle .
got one for myself and one for my wife .
although , i miss the slimness this case offered .
powder is so light it comes through everywhere .
i purchased this scale over two years ago .
i love it ! it is easy to clean .
my cat sniffed this toy and walked away .
with the paint flaking off , they look ratty .
the game isnt worth the buy nor the rent .
then i saw this pop up on the screen .
if only their packaging policy was that good .
i bought this case for my mom awhile back .
maybe smaller dogs will do ok with it .
i still use mine for my ipod and iphone .
it has a silvery lace appearance making doilies unnecessary .
i have never had any issue with sticking .
the graphics are poor , as is the interface .
consider it a basic piece of dutch oven equipment .
wow this stuff must be drying as all heck .
it works just as great as the original charger .
: ( one of whom is just a teenager .
there was a lot of gummy residue left .
it pours as smooth as a mountain stream .
one thing is the amazingly poor unit a.i .
want a pile of cheap cracked cd cases .
but this was ultra violent and ultra bloody .
this replaces a cheapie i bought at ikea .
tj max/marshalls has great prices on open stock .
this is a set of three styluses as described .
i put the juice of one per bag .
this was the only product that fit the bill .
this shaving brush holder was broke when it arrived .
i have had this scale for about 4 months .
ok idea but not much fun in the playing .
i simply can not recommend these for reverse bulbs .
very happy with my purchase of the coaster holder .
no service , either at home or at work .
i hate to say this is even a toy .
couldnt be that much harder to add it .
the taste is sticky sweet and very artificial .
turns out this one was a lot larger .
people always get out of the way on time .
i ca n't imaging making potato salad without it .
i 'm always happy with fat daddio baking pans .
i only need to charge about once a month .
i think the wilton web site has that posted .
less bulky than an otter box ! fast delivery .
we thought it was the batteries going bad .
this kettle is attractive and well thought out .
typing on touchscreen is surprisingly accurate in landscape .
i guess you get what you pay for .
the single use packets eliminated the dosing problem .
this sim isnt working on my sony ericsson .
you simply ca n't ask for a better headset .
have had problems with breakage or dead pixels .
i did and it worked out really well .
it does have a strong lavender scent though .
material is good and they do what they should .
the one i purchased is for a droid 3 .
i tried two different models with the same luck .
i expected more for a brand like camelback .
i 've had 15 or so ken onion knives .
some stencils seem to work better than others .
i was bored after the first 30 minutes .
the two player mode is n't really two players .
little ones will need help opening it though .
it also makes a great cup of joe .
within 3 months my wife had broke both .
you definitely do get what you pay for .
it seems easy to install it on the vent .
ca n't say enough good things about this piece .
i will not be buying this product again .
i am back to the old fashion one .
i did not buy these just to look good .
i 'm not a big fan of this coffee .
stay away from this - far , far away .
does this ever happen to the cpu ? rarely .
cleans up easily and is a great asset .
i wasted a few discs before calling the manufacturer .
quality might make ordering a size smaller worth it .
the add-on functions of sc4 are pretty slim .
then my family enjoyed a delicious steak meal .
hope i find a good sale one day .
cool the pizzas on a wire rack again .
there are no air bubbles when applied correctly .
it is imprinted on the bottom of the pan .
the problem is that it 's not red glass .
there are other sets which include the pad .
people buy these expecting them to be magical .
we got this for my daughter this christmas .
i have been buying this tea for years now .
broke 2 the second time they were played with .
i am on year two with this appliance .
i would highly recommend to anyone with an iphone .
this should also be done before and after cutting .
more importantly than that , the taste is different .
this part is not useful in any way .
it takes accurate temperature and works just fine .
this iphone case is very colorful and durable .
you can not go wrong with this little gem .
a good alternative to an expensive apple charger .
the product was easily put on with no bubbles .
very poor performer even with an adequate antenna .
it does nothing to relieve my dry eyes .
i was thrilled when i first bought it .
small and seems to stick well to the wall .
you can do it with all sizes of hair .
this kind of brush is great for that .
unfortunately , it is not useful for non-stick/teflon pans .
that is the end of the good news .
they 're super clingy so everything sticks to them .
the third circle got it to about 150 .
it eventually broke and was unusable after that .
seems tight around the top of my foot .
size is bigger than noted in description said .
the sizes are perfect for so many things .
the fans in the stand look like robots .
it 's effortless if you use an oscillator tool .
changing to manual mode is not so easy either .
william davis , to grind my own almond meal .
the round board is 12 inches in diameter .
i thought there would be more of an echo .
wrong ! these rulers are extremely hard to open .
i gave an extra start for the pretty style .
i bought this battery for my grandson phone .
these plugins are a major waste of money .
when each time i was in my vehicle .
when you light it up its a different story .
4g and everything else seems to work just fine .
asian ladybugs also eat the larvae of native ladybugs .
i had terrible experiences with all their products .
the face plate keeps popping out on speed bumps .
use these as much or more than quart bags .
i make small pancakes and it works the best .
they should just give us no powers or skills .
but way worse than an upright carpet cleaner ! .
i have this on a white iphone 4s .
using it puts your expensive toys at risk.jerry .
they come in wrapped in plastic , smell horrible .
for 10 bucks you really ca n't beat them .
great for a single person or a couple .
not a problem with the zagg cord management system .
this measuring cup has become indispensable in my kitchen .
it does exactly what it is meant to do .
for the money though , this is great grinder .
it is not well-adapted to a multitasking environment .
becca from my crazy good life recommended this charger .
you truly can win using vastly different strategies .
not worth the time and money sending it back .
i ca n't tell how good this product is .
you can see what you 've got in there .
a must have in any kitchen for homemade breads .
bought it for my husband and he liked it .
replaced my big old oven and big toaster .
so i would recommend using this for emergency situations .
i find the cuisinart brewer very easy to use .
but serious tbs gamers may be disappointed all around .
nowhere near the quality of their regular stuff .
im not too concerned because of the price .
this apple corer is awesome and very high quality .
not usuable in any way shape or form .
if you want to travel with your knife .
be prepared to purchase 1 every 2-3 months .
it takes up little space on the counter .
i sincerely was not trying to beat the clock .
i use the stand several times a day .
the battery life on this thing is pathetic .
oxo is such a great brand of cookware .
it is a great way to seal the bag .
the magnets on the sides are coming off .
i have an enthusiastic 25-pound three-year-old terrier mix .
so i expected the picture quality to be similar .
i did a lot of research on mineral make-up .
who knows how the size difference affects performance .
still on the search for a good humidifier ! .
just the right size for meals for two people .
i only have to charge this every few days .
i would not buy anything else from this vendor .
only bought this because we could not get alternative .
a great alternative for tiny new york kitchens .
i am still more than happy with the capresso .
both phones work perfectly with the jabra cruiser .
i used it for ham and turkey breast .
the ammunition clips chamber just like the real thing .
uncorking is breeze with this corkscrew wine opener .
all of this sounds like a really good idea .
it smelled burnt as soon as it was brewed .
shipping was fine - quick and packaged well .
i did not find that to be true .
i have had this silpat jelly roll size forever .
you can make anything out of this pan .
she was locked in her locks several hours later .
prior to that i liked it just fine .
it keeps coffee hot longer than i expected .
i like the timers on it and the size .
i probably should have read the description more closely .
it is a high quality kitchen aid product .
cans quake in fear at its mere appearance .
it liquified them on high in under a minute .
does not protect sides of vita during a fall .
ours will be here in a few days .
i ran into a small problem with the item .
it is well worth its very reasonable price .
cup is odd and puckers near the under arms .
i 've used it for over five happy years .
the only increase i saw was on the scale .
i have been using this one since about 2008 .
waffles store better in the freezer than pancakes .
i could only get to the first boss .
i had to recondition it with something else .
so yourself a favor and get a new phone .
snapped a bunch of shots and same results .
i ended up returning it since it tastes horrible .
i have an iphone4 with a hard shell case .
i 'm guessing that it will soon be discontinued .
easy and tasted great and no clumps either .
this is the only oven in the coach .
the cutout for the camera is the same way .
it is just as easy to make your own .
of course this is my fault for ordering .
i should have returned them but i did not .
these rolls are the best way of doing that .
you can do most everything inside this pot .
its tough to describe what they taste like .
i 've used the hook and the ear plug .
it cuts quickly and is a high quality item .
this one already broke while another one still works .
it arrived on time and was well packaged .
which is it and i leery of purchasing now .
but should have done it all the way around .
i can not go a whole day without charging .
caught in vietnam , so its not us fish .
boost chocolate has a rich , malted milk taste .
this game frustrated the hell out of me .
you just skim out the good stuff from underneath .
this cushion did n't work for me at all .
qed it wo n't work with the onkyo receivers .
all it talks to are mice and keybards .
i gave it 5 stars because it 's awesome .
we enjoy a taste of tai 's peanut noodles .
i wish that it would have been built sturdier .
soon thereafter i began finding blue bits all over .
my husband immediately grabbed one for tea bags .
we juiced our garden lettuce and greens with ease .
i used my steamer often multiple times a day .
it was cute but probably not worth my money .
otherwise they look great on my iphone 4s .
sadly this game is only frustrating and no fun .
very good but all of mine are cracked .
the book leaves a lot to be desired .
i was surprised at how well they stuck though .
the quality of this product is known of course .
you can talk and charge at the same time .
granted my mustache is not a righteous handlebar .
they are of no value to me now .
i purchased this as a gift for a friend .
i have an electrolux canister vacuum that i love .
i will also be sending this one back .
i threw them out as soon as i could .
the second was like a piece of soft plastic .
the pan was great and the service was outstanding .
and the pour spout is an inspired addition .
i guess its back to the old fashion stuff .
you can read the measurments at any angle .
the graphic looks good compared to other wii games .
very sad to see such a nosedive in quality .
i have owned this player for 6 months .
wonderful to try out on his aching feet .
their customer service people are not much help either .
it works as it is designed to do .
adjusts easily without having to unlock or switch anything .
love amazon prime.it cycled back on at 180 .
it has a nice heavy quality to it .
then i kept getting sore throats and various infections .
this thing wo n't quit.but it does require maintenance .
those who say otherwise must have stuffy noses .
no more sticky dough on the counter ! .
i dont need any cooling device fro my ps3 .
make sure to use an aersol hairspray though .
stomach cramps and diarrhea , regardless of the dose .
both dogs walked around it to avoid it .
this is the equivalent of donuts for cats .
analon titanium seems to be one of the best .
got several of these for our local public library .
too bad that this one was a lemon .
i should have paid closer attention to the ingredients .
so it was like 98 cents why not .
but i guess it should do a good job .
i could n't work with the mascara at all .
i had a question and contacted moroccanoil directly .
besides that the fit was way too big .
been using this headphone set for a while .
i searched all the reviews on the site .
i didnt even use it for one day .
they are listed as dishwasher safe but i handwash .
the best part is the retractable 3 ' cord .
best of all it 's made in the u.s .
they came quick and they are quality bags .
this makes it more attractive and easier to clean .
i also have two toddlers who love it .
price was very reasonable and definitely worth it ! .
i am so glad i made this choice .
this is cotton string for cooking.we love to cook .
this game has moves where you go underground .
not a good experience for any fur baby .
this item came when it was supposed to .
it works fantastically for potatoes and many vegetables .
i bought a set of these for myself .
pressing it or pushing it up/down/left/right accomplishes most operations .
looks nice and fits my 6 pound yorkie well .
hooks are spaced well for hanging robes , etc .
this is the best screen protector i have used .
i like the attachments but rarely use them .
this strap is completely and utterly worthless to me .
actually too light to make a good paperweight .
i am very happy with them so far .
i would n't recommend these for everyday sports use .
the price is the best i have found anywhere .
it 's interesting that these cds play everywhere else .
came on time and fit my iphone perfectly .
these are realistic qualities that appeal to a dog .
i also thought the pecan flavor was too overwhelming .
bought my tamron 200-500mm in 2011 through amazon .
there is extra thread and it smells awful .
got this for my dad , he loves it .
they should call the game shenmue : chapter one .
i have been somewhat of a spokesperson for powergen .
at first i thought that was the beef inside .
buy a leapster or an apple product instead .
i just did n't expect a duck sauce knock-off .
it works perfect for our little family of 3 .
at last minute found this and read reviews .
it holds it closed and protects the screen .
have had to buy a replacement , bigger battery .
i do have some problems with its size .
i did not enjoy the controls on this game .
they all proved to be a pain to use .
i have a german shepherd and a cocker spaniel .
so , the whole thing ends up being unwieldy .
we have one of these in every car .
i certainly do not need a choke collar .
this one had one of the shortest lives .
it does not fit in the case though .
this primer is really not worth the money .
but where the graphics win the game play suffers .
this ca n't be played with only two people .
the sides of the pan are the perfect height .
the filter pad it is packed with is garbage .
the controlls are sloppy and the gameplay is horrible .
i would highly recommend this product so far .
my three cost much less than one board .
it broke after 3 months with a c:13 error .
the thermostat actually works and you get consistent crispiness .
these might be better suited for a milder climate .
some stays in there and gets moldy and mildewy .
i bought 2 14 feet cables back in april .
these are simply too strong for regular morning fair .
i bought these specifically because they are loud .
i strongly suggest you do n't use this product .
adds a nice and flair to the kitchen .
i am currently looking for another dependable router .
nicer than using the flat of my knife .
i do n't need to say much abut protection .
it is a motion sensor attached to a sprinkler .
the belt strap broke and now it is useless .
the phone case arrived when it was suppose to .
this was the beginning of an expensive nightmare .
i am very happy with this tanita scale .
this might not ever make it the the kitchen .
synced with all of my devices without a problem .
i can hear very clearly on my end .
this does not create signal where there is none .
i use it with my samsung galaxy s3 .
then you defend your titles until you lose them .
i ordered my normal size of 12 1/5 wide .
griffin cases are great and so is this one .
these chopsticks are pretty good for the price .
it is a nice size easy for traveling .
nice basic ice bucket with a simple design .
it looked just like it shows in the picture .
i wanted something small and compact and attractive .
if you are beautiful from the inside out .
i 'm a bit of a hair moron actually .
i feel confident in recommending this purchase to others .
the fire on the water looks very nice .
good for a good cheap thrill nothing else .
i 've tried 3 different chargers to no avail .
i bought this as a way to charge phones/tablets .
this seller is a complete nightmare to deal with .
toss game into the used pile on amazon .
this magic kit has its plusses and minuses .
this was the first one of these i tried .
it cost me $ 20 to find this out .
do n't spend your money on any intex product .
the clog part is the only good part .
great to look at though , to be sure .
it is the second such set we have had .
i am smiling as i write this review .
any of those would be a better choice ! .
the non-stick surface is very easy to clean .
i did not purchase this oster breadmaker on amazon .
these are wonderful tools and make great stocking stuffers .
direction stickers were marked on the wrong sides .
the clean-up on these is so quick and easy .
the smell was not unpleasant and it looked impressive .
small enough to fit in a standard oven .
complete waste of time and money.it 's cheaply made .
i do n't know what i did without it .
i used the meat tenderizer on chicken breasts .
well , how did i get along without them .
these are ideal and they are very stylish ! .
grilling , oven roasting and of course bread making .
sometimes , i slide them right off the mount .
i will let you know if i do.enjoy.jb .
very sturdy and heavy , not flimsy at all .
there is n't much to say about round cutters .
3 minutes to reheat a pizza slice ? uh-uh .
it 's a high quality sheet that feels fantastic .
this is the perfect size to do small cakes .
used for 8 days and fishes died during use .
and you know with lodge you get great quality .
but the pump locked up within a few months .
the squirrels just helped themselves to food and left .
however , they can be a little rust prone .
my wife was actually the one that wanted it .
this would be a great toy for large dogs .
we will be using this alot this winter .
i have a more bottom heavy conical breast shape .
i found this to be unusable for me .
i wish they had listed that in the description .
this is activision 's attempt at a civ clone .
too small when ordering my stepmothers usual size .
these ones definitely do , and they fit perfectly .
easy to use and the stainless steel looks great .
i had to jerry rig to keep it working .
big large cutting board with trench to collect juices .
replacing my caphalon with all clad pots and pans .
at first it was a dream come true .
then the toy came in the mail from amazon .
that probably goes for other gm autos as well .
i use it to make gnocchi and mashed potato .
i learned this after i bought the product .
going to try to make zucchini noodles next time .
my 18m old did not like this toy .
the vertical sides also help contain the food .
i have had quieter air pumps than this one .
with the comb attachment adding extra thickness and heft .
not sure if i will use the rest .
these chargers are cheap , to say the least .
for the price you ca n't beat this charger .
we will be recommending this one as well .
it 's very soft and has very short pieces .
i find that food heats up quickly and evenly .
most are free trials and most are useful .
good product , would recommend it to a friend .
pick this up and be happy for doing so .
unless you live in a real remote area .
it is a very nice pair of house slippers .
withstands heat and can go in the dishwasher .
do not use it for celery or nuts .
buy multiples- your friends and family will want one .
exactly what i wanted and for the right price .
i would highly recommend this product to anyone .
you get 24 8 oz cans for 23 dollars .
this model bluetooth just makes voices sound extremely muffled .
we have always wanted one and would recommend it .
my hair was natural , no dye or anything .
amazon has the best price on these water filters .
the stitching on the velcro loop was coming undone .
the usage directions were clear and easy to follow .
i am never going back to hard baking dishes .
i was very disappointed in this pc game .
the other problem is the pod are very expensive .
it work for some bikes but not all .
i can not recommend this product at this cost .
nice feel to this cup and like the shape .
i always prefer to travel all carry on .
added more bulk than i thought it would .
i could n't believe how she gobbled this up .
and unlike radios the music goes where i go .
the camera can affect you during platform jumps .
it is the same label as sold elsewhere .
i doubt that this toy will last long .
biggest piece of s*** headphones/buds/whatever i have ever purchased .
the player never learns why he hates love .
i have not yet made biscuits with them .
i put it on and immediately washed it off .
the quality of this product is beyond poor .
the ps3 bluetooth headset is really put together well .
it is easy to install with just 2 screws .
get what you pay for with this case .
got this to replace my worn out model .
they are just the perfect small thing i needed .
it was more effective and lasted over five years .
the bottom is smooth with no pits or dimples .
i use this at my place in mi .
-end digression- the roomba is a technical blessing .
i gave this as a gift and its perfect .
i always seem to lose my orange peeler .
other than that - its a great product .
i 've had this processor for about three months .
the bags are inexpensive and easy to change .
eight seven six five four three two one .
bread comes out so great in these pans .
this scoop works perfectly and provides uniform portions .
i also wrote a letter to the company .
so i would have to recommend against buying it .
it is a must have for your phone .
we ordered with a quicksilver pair which he favors .
now he prefers it to the old pizza cutters .
i would never recommend this product to anyone .
maybe oxo can come up with a better/revised product .
i broke the original and needed a replacement .
this case does n't look the same in person .
its sharp and slices bread and cakes very well .
i was not happy with this charger at all .
it always achieves vacuum and holds it indefinitely .
also so slippery i would n't trust using it .
i have tried adjusting the screw to no avail .
i have chronic sinusitis due to nasal allergies .
would be difficult to use for our family .
it is priced reasonably enough to replace it .
my first use of it was a bummer .
so not sure why it tasted so weird .
that was the last straw as it were .
despite the nightmare it was to get on .
the case was not snug around my phone .
the battery is tooooo big for the phone .
i am surprised they we not all broken .
i researched this shaver very diligently and foundgreat reviews .
so happy to have new ones to store things .
we have 6 of these pots at church .
i already have many calphalon pots and pans .
it takes minutes sometimes for it to unfreeze .
i had to throw out 3/4 of the bottle .
the fit and construction are good on these slippers .
love that you can answer phone calls with it .
the new balance shoes itself is already good insole .
i lost the old one in a move .
this conditioner does leave your hair sleek and shiny .
also the ps2 games are not that great .
it ships easily and the price is right .
purchased for my son to use on his glasses .
still will keep with hoover above other brands .
great way to add usb to your car ! .
this was included in an expensive shoe stretcher package .
these are pans made for the breville toaster oven .
i will not lie , it was a pain .
maybe wait until it drops down to $ 20 .
companies ignore issues until their wallets get hit .
i do have a rat problem at my house .
i will not be buying these bars again .
great to have the extra ear hook clips .
so many people saying glitches and bad controls .
the surface of sony cdr is a smooth pearl .
i recommend all oxo products for those with arthritis .
it 's extremely rare nowadays and for good reason .
sound is pretty goodi 'm very happy with them .
now it is time to order a new one .
work up from five -ten minutes on brew time .
this is a nice addition to your wine accessories .
i bought the dcc-1200 for one basic reason .
they are essentially see-through and hold up to scratches .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
it is sturdy , easy to operate and clean .
i may upgrade to a separate tamper soon .
again , had to select from the explore window .
i have since upgraded to the 6 qt .
moving data through usb is sketchy at best .
in less than 2 months the hinge pin broke .
being tethered to your phone by a cable .
both of us have arthritis in our hands .
i had this product for a long time .
my son uses them with his nintendo dsi xl .
the ingredients in this product is quite alarming .
the rings arrived on time and i good condition .
easy to pop in the dishwasher after use .
wilton has white dowels that i suggest using .
unfortunately it 's connected to this garbage kensington mouse .
i think thats true of any popsicle mold .
studies had success with 4 grams up to 12 .
does a geat job and is a handy size .
repeated dishwashing does eventually fade the red print .
it does n't feel like it offers any protection .
i tried to be superman and save everyone .
i felt the need to keep adjusting them .
the padding is excellent and the material breaths good .
it is very cheaply made and would not recommend .
i bought two of these toys for my kids .
too bad they do n't make a longer one .
this is just what i needed for my thunderbolt .
it worked great until about that one year mark .
it arrived yesterday and i immediately tested it .
it just does not work on my dog .
this lotion is very irritating to my skin .
i like these more than the plastic disposables .
this one does not taste like anything like them .
looked good until i tasted the first sip .
never thought i would love a juicer so much .
the product came unsealed and with no box .
do n't ever try to slice food without it .
i only drank about 10 servings before tossing it .
i brought this phone cover for my wife .
my last fan died after 3 seasons of use .
i will investigate the warranty and get back here .
that is why i purchased the new 20in .
this little gadget is easy and fun to use .
i am no music buff but i love these .
only problem i ordered it 7th of may .
but it does n't work on me at all .
i love this product and this particular package .
delayed shipping then missed cancellation , then when received .
i am very happy with the price and product .
neither otterbox case fits in the assigned phone pocket .
this lumbar was super hard and hurt my back .
the item came early and was as advertised .
using samsung galaxy nexus and samsung smart tv .
this is a very thin leash and super short .
i will try the oil in the future .
at this point i would n't recommend this board .
everything else plugged into that outlet works fine .
and do n't even get me started on corduroy .
they taste just like the full sugar bears .
i 'd recommend this to a friend for sure .
it comes with all the knives you really need .
great product with a no-worry simplicity to using it .
the multi level power switch is also sweet .
cleans up well , sharp blade and powerful motor .
it 's a plastic box with a cardboard insert .
it does quiver but nothing like i thought .
ca n't have a day start without my coffee .
i 'll get a eureka canister vac for sure .
it breaks where the handle meets the paddle .
it fit snug and the clip is strong .
was poorly made and did n't fit the phone .
call of duty 1 and 2 were amazing .
music and speech are rendered really , really well .
its not a small crackle or error in pitch .
the break does not impress me that much .
this case protects every part of your phone .
i did enjoy the longer battery life though .
even my husband could not use this device easily .
this leads to barking that is off the charts .
buttons to call your contacts just do n't respond .
it has bluetooth but i have not used it .
two racks of pork ribs fit it perfectly .
they are peeing on the wall beside it .
i was very disappointed when i received them .
the construction was exceptional and the customer service unbeatable .
i have n't got the wireless part to work .
charger comes with this unit ! a nice bonus.5 .
the back of the shoe is a bit fuzzy .
that 's a big blister for an adult foot .
overall the product is worth the money i paid .
i can fit a finger through the larger ones .
these are really just not much of anything .
my dogs are 2 and 8 years old .
these one piece caps serve that purpose well .
how can the bread stay fresh without the lid .
needless to say , technical support is a joke .
i will be mashing more than just spuds .
quick clean up compared to a full size board .
so 2nd day im applying small amounts a.m .
we have to part ways here , i guess .
this worked almost 100 percent of the time .
i would never buy this to aid 25 people .
keeps them handy and out of the way .
i have dogs and live in the country .
i would recommend this if you need a toaster .
iphone finds it right away and will pair instantly .
this game is all about making those angles work .
but be beware that this helmet is heavy .
the placing of the tubes however is poor .
i really like this set of cutting surfaces .
i emailed rubbermaid for replacement lids , no dice .
thank goodness i only paid $ 20.00 for it .
worked for a few times and then just stopped .
you will not surive this if you buy it .
bladderwrack can contain iodine which can exacerbate thyroid problems .
this is an excellent coffeemaker for the price .
it will grate small objects without ruining your nails .
there are better units available at this price point .
i got this as a gift for my mom .
she loves the weight and feel of the dishes .
great price and the shipping was very fast .
there is simply nothing left to be said .
that is a violation of the handy access laws .
have a review under the collecters edition version .
none of these calming or stress relief methods work .
even hardwiring to the unit losses connection frequestly .
the price is reasonable given the high quality .
it just works.this is a five star product .
i purchased it and it worked absolutely great .
try finding a midi tutorial that is usable .
i like oxo products for their generally well-designed traits .
two of us do it to be really safe .
reception -- - both speaking and listening was excellent .
i had one of these coffee makers before .
just as others have experienced , mine has failed .
i used this shaver for probably about 2 years .
thanksfully have not tested it by accident yet .
mashed and hash brown potatoes are a breeze .
i will not be purchasing this eye serum again .
search amazon and you 'll see the cable too .
the size is perfect to prepare a salad .
there heavy stainless so wo n't bend or break .
the level treadmill starts tilting at a steeper incline.3 .
it is way too tight on my leg .
this is a long lasting durable nice case .
took me two tries but they work nicely .
i took it fishing & worked like a charm .
i think the previous reviews were accurate enough .
makes scooping out cookie dough easy and clean .
i have stubby legs and it did n't work .
this is a good set for the price .
i feel this is the most protective case available .
as previous reviews stated the cuts outs were rough .
the weather clock i settled on is beautiful widgets .
the rest is just garbage thanks to poor quality .
its also pretty easy and not very challenging .
for us , it was a waste of money .
instead of getting better they are getting worse .
this takes about 20-30 minutes , and runs quietly .
arrived in nick of time and as described .
happy with the length of the cord also .
it also does not recycle the water very well .
i have an iphone 4 and it worked perfectly .
obviously i didnt give them to my dogs .
it also eroded the skin and left a sore .
when i stopped it they returned to normal .
i had solid ones before with no rollers .
the chair is also very hard to clean .
this is the third official version of f-zero .
which is a great deal for the price .
it 's nothing beautiful but works like a charm .
the delivery was fast which i always appreciate .
i was thrilled to find these on amazon .
both knives are must haves for any kitchen .
no skill needed whatsoever , just keep clicking away .
he likes the convenience , i like the safety .
here is a review of the xperia x1 .
we use it on the low or medium setting .
this is the best whisk i 've every used .
i have always liked this line in faberware .
the item is boasting a 15 year warranty .
i live with a smoker and multiple pets .
you can customize the voice that speaks to youcons1 .
i simply forced myself to use them up .
it was a depressing ending to a strange game .
i used this item approximately five to six times .
i returned a so-called largesize they were skin tight .
bought the disposable bags to go with it .
it would have been a five star review .
i 'll revise if i see any hair growth .
every shipment we get the cans are dented .
the kick stand is very nice as well .
standby will last you at least all day .
but it does state 40 gal or 2 months .
the spatula is great , nothing sticks to it .
it seems like i would have liked it .
i put the phones on and noticed some static .
a bit more agressive than the regular mixing blade .
it does n't work on a belt at all .
i could n't believe the price of this case .
he does n't even want to smell the stuff .
you can hook 2 together for larger pans .
i got my 8qt pressure cooker 12 years ago .
let cool to room temperature in the oven .
she still has it and it works well .
for the price i would say buy it .
but it seems to be holding up just fine .
i bought a few of these for pottery class .
this was my first otterbox defender series case .
there is obviously a design defect with these boots .
the weapons are pretty close to real life .
i will probably use them in the future .
the smell is not horrible like some people claim .
this works better than i thought it would .
the wife said she never liked the pattern anyway .
i just got two of these for my avalanch .
bought a food saver vacuum sealer machine in november .
after using this and liking it at 1st .
it does everything it says it will do .
short battery life is typical with most helicopters .
as it is it provided zero utility to me .
that is why they give you a lifetime warranty .
priced right ; a good product for the money .
it did not hold her attention at all .
it 's a cross between warcraft and kirby 64 .
if it is pretty dry , then add water .
love this - just what i was looking for .
it feels light weight but it 's still durable .
i am using these on tile in the shower .
do n't buy their horrible stiff dry fondant either .
however , i really like the new smooth wheel .
it does n't live up to anything they said .
not sure if it is safe to use it .
the shepherd just likes to dig and bury them .
i always top rack washed them in my dw .
amazing quality that you can see and feel .
this shoe appears cheap and i would not recommend .
she played with it only a little bit .
the igo stowaway ultra-slim bluetooth keyboard is truly portable .
too bad i did n't check on amazon first .
opened a new one which had a dead channel .
this sturdy solid unit is a for sure keeper .
it would also work nicely as a clothes hamper .
the quality is good and it holds a lot .
my review is on the smell of the perfume .
the cons are- the top does n't fit snug .
i colored my hair black about two months ago .
most good ones the velcro is sewn in .
i wish i had not made such a mistake .
i have to laugh everytime i hear it .
seamstresses and crafters , get one of your own .
using this with my droid x multimedia desktop dock .
too bad it 's too late to return it .
keep them clean and wrapped in the freezer .
6 cup would be too small for me .
for the price , you would expect better quality .
best on market for 3000 to 4000 uses .
it is durable , easy to clean and convenient .
overall , not a bad case for the money .
i had this happen on my corded shark .
i purchased the blue/yellow one for my grandaughter .
i have now had this product for 8 months .
some enemies even get stuck in the wall .
the le creuset brand grill pans are cast iron .
the perfect basic 3-bowl set for small kitchens .
it works and it does n't eat up batteries .
it would never last , regardless of the weather .
or parents tricking their kids into eating healthy .
i bought it to complement the p90x exercise program .
it steams great and works almost like an iron .
i like the color of it the best .
it leaves my hair stiff and tangled after rinsing .
this version just ruins this somewhat decent sequel .
i bought it for my 8 pound mini poodle .
unfortunately i will downgrade my rating until they do .
a must but if you have this phone .
the double-layer metal also helps to ensure even baking .
she does like the cet and hartz brands .
they would probably last longer and outperform this one .
i 'd buy it again for sure if needed .
well i received it and started using right away .
the case is a total waste of money ! .
peachy keen also takes more than two coats .
the android device does a wonderful with the gps .
the controls are well sized and easy to operate .
unfortunately i do not have a central unit .
then i had to remove it to reposition slightly .
if you can afford it , get this one .
i will use a different brand from now on .
this steamer set is not worth the price .
i am very pleased with this flame tamer .
this product was too greasy for my hair .
i plan to get the red one soon ! .
this is a definite deal breaker in itself .
only about half of the batteries actually worked .
this is 3 charges off of one charge .
seems better than those found in the stores .
this worked beautifully when i was frying up burgers .
i would have to peel the hair off .
i like the case and it works well .
my son loved it so he was very disappointed .
too flimsy for the job i bought them for .
it is large enough to make almost everything .
4 cups of drip coffee ground in 3 mins .
i ca n't believe they get such great ratings .
i gave the wustof away and bought the shun .
ca n't wait until it fades and goes away .
this particular unit seems to be too cheap vs .
it has worked out great for me ever since .
knowing this i started with a clean house .
this is a very stylish and functional car charger .
these are the perfect companion to my nonstick cookware .
i use mine every few days for juicing .
everything comes apart and is very easy to clean .
a smart phone must have a car charger .
would be great in a retro kitchen or diner .
i bought the other attachments and they are great .
see how popular this poor-quality software will get .
i promise that i 'll use it again sometime .
i 've now used it a couple of times .
clothes not really secure but tie downs staying latched .
has plenty of room for milk to expand .
you know when the bottom is overcooked or burnt .
it released water on occasion but not reliably .
i purchased one as a gift for my son .
much too complicated to use for theaverage user .
this thing is perfectly sized for most jobs .
not cooll at all.the games does n't totally suck .
stop looking , you have found what you need .
the waffles come out perfect by timing them .
the fat was just too rich for their stomachs .
they may be archaic but they always work .
i told them to try my v slicer .
that 's a lot of coconut not to like .
the cord is also longer than most other chargers .
unfortunately , this primer was a waste of money .
i have had this capresso coffeemaker about 8 years .
no problem to order other items from amazon .
this was a great addition for my kindle fire .
it leaves no finger prints , and no glare .
it still does not allow sound to pass through.3 .
the kibble just falls right out of this ball .
this kaz vicks warm mist humidifier works well .
i rode those tires for 5,000 miles plus .
this toy is expensive considering what it is .
i will keep searching for a stiffer feathered refill .
i could drive and get coffee faster than that .
this product is not a true hepa purifier .
i like fairly firm waffles , but not crispy .
i was quite shock when i saw the wig .
next i tried the under rim of my toilet .
'you get what you pay ' says it all .
it works great and helps keep spices within reach .
not that much eyeliner for 5.00 plus shipping .
pyrex makes some of the best glass ware .
2 of 4 plates were broken into tiny pieces .
the second one did n't even last a week .
that is really what i bought it for .
i went with the neoprene padded style covers .
it connects to the smartphones without a problem .
i liked it so much i bought another .
these mini multi-switches break easily , so be careful .
obviously the magpul name drew me to this product .
i purchased both the one and two liter pitchers .
the filter adds to the flavor of the coffee .
so there is no way to try them on .
and she loves hers and is comfortable with it .
the markings finally faded from my old one .
but i guess you get what you pay for .
hoovers prodcuts always outperformed and are more durable .
i have 3 now and use them a lot .
i bought this on amazon quite some time ago .
unfortunately , my assembly experience was less than stellar .
this is perfect for syrup or other sauces .
this is there to dissuade one from over filling .
i would n't want to pt in these boots .
these handmade pots combine form and function so beautifully .
i love the amount of heat it gives off .
this one is great and meets my needs .
i would recommend this product to a friend .
maybe a dvd of people doing it would help .
these covers are great and they arrived promptly .
most of my dolls are 8 inches tall .
my character has things coming out of his head .
i 'm just not loving this case at all .
the price was outstanding for this oem product .
plus two stars for being latex-free and affordable .
that is not the case with this set .
just up and down , not side to side .
i do n't like it in the commuter series .
that clears up my back acne right away .
i purchased four of these and gave three away .
i probably would not buy this again though .
the xxl was more like an athletic fit xl .
even hardcore survivor fans would n't want this piece .
i had a similar pod for my blackberry bold .
it will fit into your pocket with ease .
now i have different colors to suit my mood .
still for roughly $ 20.00 it is a deal .
i have received lots of compliments on it .
the dungeons are almost cookie cutter in nature .
those are rated for 1/2 pound per hook .
i still do n't know why i bought this .
no more smoky pans just nice clean popcorn .
she was really looking forward to seeing the difference .
this is the dumbest mega man title yet .
no problems and you ca n't beat the price .
let me start by saying i love plantronics products .
money well spent as i love my gadgets .
this is one of my favorite cast iron skillets .
i guess the price should have been a warning .
this is perfect for my 85 years old mother .
i do love there powder foundation in fantasy .
do they even check this stuff before shipping ? .
they should say this is for children & hobbits .
this popcorn had good reviews so i ordered it .
once again , i ordered it for my friend .
i returned it after the watch band holder broke .
coffee because i should n't have changed years ago .
i am not convinced this is a true gyro .
just be careful who you do business with .
some parts of your steak are saltier than others .
it took me a while to figure out .
there was a voice screaming in my head .
i should have looked at dimension before i purchased .
same high quality battery that came with my phone .
it was always dangerously leaning towards my car .
the solar panel is lightweight and folds in half .
the slide on the top for how many cups .
cleaning my old box grater was a real hassle .
we had great success with the rotisserie oven today .
these cords work for my samsung galaxy note 2 .
they slowly went back to the original shape .
cuisinart confirmed the power of the motor is 500w .
i researched these speakers extensively before purchasing them .
it has a thin edge perfect for egg flippery .
i would buy it again in a minute .
this unit works well and is easy to clean .
we have found that this ratio works perfectly .
i love this presto hot air corn popper .
i bought two of these and they arrived yesterday .
i have cooked many things in my loaf pan .
not a good idea for someone with adrenal fatigue .
i plan to order another one in the future .
i had to get some from the phone store .
i wrote my original review four months ago .
i tried it for a day and returned it .
so they went from 5 stars to 2 .
first battery is also included.if you like frothy stuff .
i saw that it came from the cat bench .
disappointing because i really wanted to like this one .
very well made and the seal is very tight .
i used to love wearing fruit of the loom .
just not good for this type of use .
the grip is great and the scoop works wonderfully .
i got this to replace an older wooden board .
it is of excellent quality and i love it .
i just exchanged it for a second one today .
it was like nothing even happened to it .
however , the radio has several fatal design flaws .
i blew it up as they watched in amazement .
i will not use a smartphone without one .
too big and bulky so i sent it back .
the remote is packaged with a driver cd .
i could not tell a difference at all .
i bought this sharpener about 6 years ago .
it works so fast and i love using it .
pulling the cartridge box to reload is very difficult .
never fill it more than 2/3 of its capacity .
i would sure recommend this coffee maker to others .
the brown leather is described as washed leather .
the wands come off after very little play .
without the attachment i ca n't mount the mirror .
i learned my lesson to mail order speakers .
this puzzle has an age range of 2+ .
the antenna gives me better gain than other models .
hence the need for a right angle cord .
she has used it and it works as advertised .
as others have said , this really bows outward .
i wanted to make sure it was applied correctly .
it is barely wide enough to cover my phone .
sometimes i 'll use chicken stock instead of water .
i redid my kitchen and wanted new dishes .
this sweeper really does the job for me .
thanks to amazon for a painless return process .
i mean small for even 1 year old baby .
a female voice talks you through the steps .
it is an excellent portable sharpener for the price .
though they look different , they fight the same .
the design is beautiful and i love the simplicity .
it can also be a lot of fun .
so i thought i would give it a try .
needless to say , i stopped using the sunscreen .
something that you all may never own up to .
the buildings seem a little wide as well .
they are good when using with an external battery .
this first title in the series shows promise .
good thing my evo can take the abuse .
i got these to bake my wedding cake .
the blades are quite sharp and are full tang .
this was shipped quickly and arrived in good shape .
i guess i just do n't understand kong toys .
this soup has a syrupy taste too it .
i bought two of these about a year ago .
this one , neither of my cats will touch .
save your money and buy a cake leveler instead .
i like the fact that no wiring is required .
but it was n't functioning with our third computer .
it needs a better instruction book with more recipes .
again , the motor heated up & was smelling .
make sure they are made in the u.s.a .
the inside-tub and outside-tub curtains kept coming off .
this is what i learned from this little product .
it charges up my phone in no time .
i did give it a second star , though .
have been a fan of lavazza for several years .
this is not specific to over 50 either .
this helps your food stay warm while serving .
this is a simple , inexpensive and durable solution .
i called my husband to test it out .
there are much better and quieter products out there .
every time i played i ran into problems .
i read the reviews and got this mask .
i 've been through a lot of bluetooth earpieces .
memorex is in the trash right where it belongs .
although made of lightweight plastic it seems durable .
one hundred and ten dollars worth of games disappears .
i bought it because i trusted the name brand .
it does have the removable plates as well .
these showy graphics games like this are useless .
it 's very sturdy and it has good depth .
i prefer coffee made in a french press .
these containers are great for all types of storage .
it is not the first kit i bought .
it looked perfect for my african grey congo .
we dump the stuff in and hit go .
just used this for chicken and it worked nicely .
best purchase i have made in a long time .
i am hooked , no sense in over spending .
the neocell hylauronic acid is a good one .
not too had to apply and good value .
i jog every day and i always wear sunblock .
great and works fine with my iphone and ipad .
the cases are so pretty , would order again .
it has been working fine for several weeks .
after use the bow falls off of this .
this is conventional not in organic form either .
so , it is going back to amazon today .
at least the xbox version has online play .
not flimsy and perfect size for roasting large birds .
look for something w/a funnel shaped glass container .
i suppose you get what you pay for .
we did test it with an old-school ipod .
i bought these pans about a year ago .
the thing is a complete and utter failure .
it is way too thick for my hair .
the only cure then is to re-boot the phone.4 .
we were very unhappy upon receiving this item .
the rest of the ingredients are almost as bad .
all of her friends are wanting one now .
i love it and ca n't sleep without it .
fighting games are one of my favorite genres .
ok , i tried really hard to like this .
these weigh twice as much and are sturdier .
spore relies on ea to maintain activation servers .
the quality of the product is very good .
i bought this along with an additional battery .
you have to show it off to friends .
2011 2012 2023 must be time for brand change .
my first bluetooth headset for samsung galaxy s4 .
it makes it so simple to make fruit rolls .
plug in the little dipper when you first awaken .
i had high hopes for havahart 's critter ridder .
over all , buy a better one so yeah .
this case is exactly what i was looking for .
does not bust its own way through powder .
they make my hair super soft and glossy .
this product overheats when charging more than one device .
wow , i was stunned how well it worked .
i am late to the game on salad spinners .
i dont see the need for a clicker .
the scanpan is an excellent quality cooking tool .
it is so well made i immediately purchased another .
i did not see any type of results .
adding these special made cookie sheets completed the package .
i always recommended jawbone products when i sold wireless .
i never had connection issues with an iphone .
they do n't have a vanilla flavor at all .
but that 's the only good part of it .
this little pizza cooker does a fantastic job .
we tried the carpet and the wood floor .
the sizes for this product are not true .
this actually replaced my expensive cuisinart food processor .
that is why i chose this over other brands .
very cheap and easy way to hang your phone .
i 'll stick with the us from now on .
this is a phone for men and hardy women .
the insert is and looks like recycled cardboard .
so i looked here and ordered this one .
i always like dealing with the big a .
it 's everything that i expected it to be .
my puppy figured this toy out in .5 seconds .
these seem to last longer than the original eureka .
at first this was the best toy ever .
makes your salad looks beautiful.i would recommend this product .
i do agree on one change they need tho .
the story-line missions are so boring and pointless .
the package claims a 9 minute burn time .
makes bacon nice and flat and easier to cook .
all my pieces are accounted for an unbroken .
the picture showed longer ones than what i received .
i would not wear them out in public .
you may get a slight kick out of it .
we continue to try home remedies , medical remedies .
.the vendor is a speedy , customer focused company .
plus , it has rubber feet to prevent skidding .
i still own an older model of this too .
the risk just does n't outweigh the reward ! .
this pan is exactly what i was looking for .
put in the popcorn seeds and plug it in .
works perfectly for my needs , good quality audio .
this little guy is awesome for home or traveling .
i still use that with my home made hatchery .
it made the negatives worse than what they were .
it was just what i have been looking for .
it is a wonderful addition to my cooking utensils .
because i have n't taken this product as recommended .
pop tarts also contain gmo sugar and gmo soy .
bought this slot mount and it works perfectly .
the additional car charger is also of good quality .
was very happy with it , no big issues .
this receiver and cord is a real big nuisance .
this is probably the best i can get .
i ca n't stand the feel of this mouse .
blends frozen or fresh fruit amazingly quickly and completely.2 .
so now , this product is basically a towel .
will buy another one if i have to .
some sensitive parts of my anatomy felt downright uncomfortable .
easy to use and the water tastes ok .
i found it to be more tedious than fun .
this is rated a consumer report best buy .
i even take one with me when i travel .
a great price and i would recommend this item .
splendid to have good bread in 45 minutes .
i contacted amazon directly and they issued a refund .
also rubber anti skids are a nice touch .
will wait to see if item is replaced .
acclaim needs to make the game a little harder .
i highly recommend the duro-med cervical rest pillow .
love the size of this 2 quart serving bowl .
i also like lazer brite collar color : red .
this piller is much larger than it appear .
i always saw these being used on cooking shows .
as i never remember to use non-metal utensils .
the limited memory of the diamond is the knapsack .
pliers are not high quality , not aligned properly .
we bought one and it kept blowing circuit breakers .
i 've bought new o-rings already with no difference .
neither the usb nor the dock connectors fit tightly .
i have never had this problem with this one .
purchased this unit as i needed one for travel .
has never fallen off my frig via magnet .
do n't know why people have problems with it .
this is my first choice of cases to use .
i love the feel of this in the hand .
no pressure on the temples of my glasses frames .
protects nicely , and buttons are easy to access .
i do not think that it is working .
it is the first time i tried trotters .
even a little white head would leave a scar .
however , no damage was done to my phones .
the phone goes in easily and automatically secures itself .
it works good for most vegetables i use .
a cheaply made shirt at a cheap price .
i would not recommend this unless its really cheap .
$ 2.00 will rape you and make you cry .
it washes up beautifully and the price is outstanding .
i doubt that i 'll wear this device much .
the holes are way too big in this .
a perfect charging pod for the blackberry tour .
i am so glad to have this one ! .
the cast iron plate really holds the heat.5 stars .
i rated this a 2 stars because ms .
for years i had zero solution for drying dishes .
this set of pans are very light weight .
the weaponry is a variety involving weird plasma cannons .
for the second time in years i tried this .
i bought this product coz of the rating .
maybe another year and a half from now .
this just is n't much fun for the kids .
i 've used this many times over past year .
but within one week , the same thing happened .
i was really excited about this litter box .
keep that in mind if you purchase this .
i received this item through the amazon vine program .
they are great and i would highly recommend them .
always protect your phone with an otter box .
i purchased this item to have an extra cover .
so i guess it will just go to garbage .
its a perfect weight and size for my needs .
they should just exchange the unit right away .
so i had to order it on line .
it is a little on the quiet side .
i found one at a carpet cleaning store .
changed the filter every other week like it states .
finally , the volume buttons are easy to use .
i only payed a penny form the factory .
it has been working very well for a month .
other than the graphics this game sucks majorly .
this is a good product for the money .
it has lots of bugs and drives me crazy .
i bought them because of the good reviews .
there is no more fun battling enemies anymore .
this one is light and simple to attach .
much nicer than using a regular sized rolling pin .
there is a reason this item is cheap .
those that get it to fit always love it .
make your purchase knowing that ahead of time .
i continued to use this for about another week .
poor quality and a big waste of money .
i will review each of its attributes below.1 .
you can use it worldwide , with any gsm .
i have had several stove top grill pans .
a good buy for e72 and e73 owners .
i also use it to make rues for gravy .
i bought this for christmas for my son .
this brand does not pass the sink test .
i am talking about maybe 1/32 of an inch .
you may have to uninstall other keyboard software first .
but silicon work great for not scratching surfaces .
my red button basically broke in 2 months .
i got a sample of this for my husband .
htc has done this the past many times before .
my computer would n't even recognize the damn thing .
my 6 year old got this for his birthday .
check it out , but at your own risk .
this works especially well when stirring and making roux .
i think this was more of a personal preferance .
my stubby fingers are becoming less of a problem .
i have several others in different colors and patterns .
at least amazon let me return it broken .
they are not as good as the spigen brand .
this cream did not help me with anything .
flipping was a breeze with a wooden skewer .
it 's just the same stink with lysol overtones .
i 've been using this for a few weeks .
this might be a public health matter for us .
the rest of the drink went down the drain .
i can leave the room and still hear it .
this item is fix with iphone 3g and 3gs .
i get a worse shave now than ever before .
even considering that , the game is really bad .
now mind you i have all the choppers etc .
no matter what grind i used , it overflowed .
i have been using spirulina for years and years .
with good players you hit 500 homeruns a year .
looks nice and runs ok for about 4-5 months .
holds our complete fiesta kitchen knife set with ease .
amazingly enough , this game has really good controls .
i suggest taking a look at a mora knife .
after getting the batteries in , we tried it .
barley got an edge on my hand axe .
these are too small for my 58mm filter attachments .
lids of boxes are loose letting pills fall out .
they sent a pair of right shoes only .
do not peel up the protector if you do .
i returned it because it is not natural ingredient .
a couple of things i wanted to highlight .
the needle that came with it did not work .
my reviews are typically long an relatively informative .
the case makes the phone way to big .
this is one of the most beautiful iphone cases .
beat you too 2-4-6-8 so called denny 's special .
they are so light and easy to use .
it has a battery for a virating shave .
i bought this after so many good reviews .
battery lasts all day and most of the evening .
the handle of this produce was easy to hold .
the ear buds kept falling out of my ears .
smaller than i expected , but still very nice .
touchstone was also quite innovative for its time .
i put both together on a large bulletin board .
the playstation one had the best controller ever .
this thing is a great idea from ronco .
both programs worked flawlessly through the di-704p until recently .
i thought perhaps there they may have some ideas .
the spoons are deep and nice to cook with .
but i needed more tea in a short notice .
also , this product is very easy to clean .
a shampoo and salt mixture which destroyed my hair .
it was like after eating a jalapneo pepper .
basically you pay a lot and get junk .
nice quality and washes us really nice too .
there are much better choices than the jambox .
this is my 2nd kuhn rikon pressure cooker .
some minor changes would make this a decent purchase .
lose all your lives ? 2 minute loading screen .
replaced the battery but still not displaying heart rate .
soi always keep an extra on hand for use .
the mixer will do whatever task is required .
used to hold the phone as a stand .
good things do come with a small package .
i am a fan of sonic the hedgehog .
not worth the headaches in the long run .
nothing ! everything was predictable and easy to beat .
the regular size will fit the mini jars too .
this was a specified replacement and worked as expected .
as described by the seller and very nice case .
use your prime or super saver shipping options .
it also is very comfortable in my ear .
this spoon is perfect for stirring sauces or sauteeing .
it grinds the meat quickly and with little fuss .
these did not work in our bath tub .
since we enjoy roasted chicken , that happens frequently .
it hangs on a hook above my stove .
and they pop in the microwave or fridge easily .
this is fussy and % pop is lower .
i had one similar for my old blackberry .
our favorite coffee is eight o'clock columbian peaks .
the no glare is just what i needed .
the quality of the product is second to none .
i was expecting it to be really awesome .
but overall , great for a busy home chef .
we love the deep dishes this set comes with .
easy to put in the paper towels rolls too .
back up everything on your phone before starting this .
it really comes in handy when i make caramel .
my daughter recieved this dog as a christmas gift .
i would recommend this based on price alone .
its mechanism is simple , and holds up well .
all that was left after that was the seasoning .
so i am out $ 35 with the shipping .
i am contacting the company for a replacement .
next time i will get a larger one .
or use the product once then toss it .
so i decide to also get a second grill .
i just broke my very well seasoned pizza stone .
i do recommend this case and will cont .
it does nothing for calming , or even sleeping .
the potato is white , just like the rice .
they lock and hold the blade very secure .
there is no other way to put it .
this was definitely put through some trials for thanksgiving .
hard to push down and never came back up .
im still waiting on the return for this .
wish they had a handle , but oh well .
i had no idea it was just instant coffee .
also , i have always hand-washed and dried it .
the miu magnetic knife holder fits that description .
the shape aids in keeping the food warm .
i would purchase another one should the occasion arise .
returned it cause it was way too small .
making seperation and cross contamination containment a very easy .
then the temperature of the coffee started getting lower .
lids are tight-but that 's probably a good thing .
fortunately , the darkness ii has corrected this problem .
this rack is a nice addition to the home .
i think it was well worth the price .
i should have listened to the other reviews .
i was pretty excited to try out this product .
it 's not hard to put together or operate .
totally simple upright docking station for my overcrowded desk .
i do n't even know if this thing worked .
any type of shadow makes it go off .
this is a great piece for your car .
my husband hunts and we have a camp .
this product is expensive and it caused eye irritation .
it is more salty than regular soy sauce .
unfortunately they were smaller bottles but i bought anyway .
i dont have the patience to figure this out .
yes , the seatbelt was locked and very tight .
dried playdoh gets stuck in it very easily .
what more can you ask for the price ? .
nevertheless , you can not go wrong with it .
i have coffee every day using my french press .
its messy and doesnt clean the chain very well .
i found both in this toaster ! toasts evenly .
this case is perfect and fits like a glove .
these covers are extra convenient when letting yeast rise .
minus one star for somewhat hard to push buttons .
bought these as a gift & it was perfect .
fits great and works well like they should .
the game is pretty much stealth kill ahoy .
why the slow or stop and go action ? .
my dogs seem to prefer carpet over this .
another thing i like-it is made in the usa .
the designs on these are very feminine and pretty .
it even leaks when upright in the freezer .
i am going to buy one for each room .
to my surprise this worked like a charm .
the bra is much smaller than my bali bras .
i use one on each side of the bed .
it works great and appears to be oem .
speck products come with warranty paperwork inside the packaging .
looks like i will have to find another blend .
get your products right or do not sell them .
the signal must be very small or non existent .
several calls to d-link did not solve the problem .
but i prefer to carry as little as possible .
did not work as well as i had hoped .
this is the best mono/bluetooth headset on the market .
i like it but it weights a lot .
it takes forever and we are looking for another .
so after some research i decided to try excel .
the flash is useless outside of 3 feet .
i have had many compliments on his bowl .
is that the mark of a confident brand ? .
i like the cute little balls of ice cream .
otherwise , great idea if they improved the durability .
i love the concept and spectacle of siphon brewing .
the markings are still intact , but somewhat scratched .
i probably got 5 uses out of it .
the am fm receiver part works very good .
for a first purchase you cant go wrong .
it is labeled for 6 mo and up .
i use them when i bake cheese cakes .
with just one touch i can answer a call .
this mixer whip is the perfect little gadget .
i have to get used to the buttons .
what i received was not a stroboframe 300-sho .
not the fun , giggling sound we were anticipating .
it is a little smaller than a tissue box .
they have the lowest price anywhere for this game .
i purchased these headphones as a refurbished unit .
you get what you pay for i guess .
i think i paid 5 dollars for it .
i ca n't believe i never got one before .
the cable is sturdy and a good length .
probably all the good reviews drove it up .
use it instead of a broomfor quick clean ups .
it is not to be used for wet food .
it remembers many of my passwords for me .
will not work on some ruger mark iii models .
it 's been of no use to me whatsoever .
of course , i only use the required products .
this one did not do it for me .
included are photos demonstrating what i describe below:1 .
i had nothing but trouble with these headphones .
i love this case ! got it fairly quickly .
one for my inlaws and one for me .
personally , i like scented moisturizers - example kai .
my candy came out perfect the first time ! .
i put off buying a food processor for decades .
we tested this sucker out if the box .
i have purchased 2 elbows and now 3 locks .
i needed something for my wife commute to/from work .
it is just not a good quality cat food .
the dragon is the best looking of the bunch .
this time it is from hard to find items .
previous mats of mine exited the oven smoking .
all of which were near a pureed state already .
it finally konked out so bought this one .
we bought this as a pressure canner only .
i trusted the lixit name and i 'm disappointed .
space-saving was my main reason for purchasing this set .
this is one of those appliances that never break .
i like handle on the top of the fan .
the 3 stacking cups are a nice addition .
case is mildly bulky due to size of jewels .
this seems to last as long as my original .
very boring , and very stupid game right here .
it feels sturdy without being heavy or bulky .
comes with press errors and does n't stand up .
so i know this is a red ring lens .
i rinsed them off and they tasted fine .
this case was the answer to my prayers .
this adapter is slower than my canon rebel xt .
measured it with dial caliper and was .015 askew .
these products are not a sure thing for everybody .
it is durable and resistent and confortable to ironing .
we 'd read the reviews & done the research .
i may have kept it for a year .
chinese edibles have already poisoned babies and pets .
case logic has just lost a customer for life .
wish i 'd have known about it much sooner .
these are thin and have that shiny look .
it can slice very thin , and mince quickly .
only thing she would change is the size .
amazon did credit me immediately - no questions asked .
clean-up is a snap with the flat surfaces .
use your noggin and decide what you believe .
my husband likes his toast much more toasted .
forget about starting a fire with the rod .
i used it for mashed potatoes for christmas dinner .
the set i received had a defective speaker .
i wanted to make labels for my garden stakes .
great for cutting metal sheet up to 22 gauge .
nice design , easy to assemble and decent quality .
can charge my samsung galaxy s4 2 times .
but i guess my perfect coffee is worth it .
rly sharp and a good value for the price .
i can not imagine this cooker ever wearing out .
i literally cook with this indoor grill everyday .
i opened the lid and there was no aroma .
this review pertains to the black silk only .
onward in search of a much better machine .
this phone was advertised to be in mint condition .
in this case you get what you paid for .
i did n't even bother to turn this on .
very comfortable when holding the tablet and fits great .
and pac man and some other games aswell .
besides , there probably are others who like it .
these feel solid - but are poorly made .
it was also hard to get them out .
but then things took a turn for the worst .
i let my kids have it to play with .
the reviews were right on for this sharpener .
i was running out of rolls for my foodsaver .
nothing else in my regime changed except this mascara .
they last for a really long time too ! .
a great addition to my kitchen and cooking .
in all other respects , the pans are equivalent .
there was no problem till 2 weeks ago .
he then complains about it and runs away .
even with the plastic shell it is warped looking .
to get my right case for my cell phone .
these cutting boards do all three things well .
this adapter does n't work for the touch one .
and it feels like you 're eating corn flakes .
it 's hard to resist the slightly sweet taste .
i wish it had a screen protector with it .
working out bare chested is not the answer .
if buying retail look for damaged orimproperly mfg threads .
the original ups battery lasted about 18 months .
i have never liked the stench of talcum powder .
the material is too soft for aggressive chewers .
and , the silky side washes like a dream .
my table was delivered today and i love it .
i own two and want to buy more .
this one tool is what i reach for .
however , this mayonnaise was not what i expected .
now this one will not connect to my computer .
that means it 's sharp against your dogs skin .
it is a good spoon rest at the stove .
i broke one on one of my camping trips .
it seamed a little too pixelated and dark .
tried the baby this weekend and it was amazing .
but it doesnt play like an re game .
this case is exactly like how it was advertised .
i have very little strength in my hands .
you get what you get for the price .
recently i decided to bake my own bread .
this makes the pan perfect for sauces and gravies .
i dont like the big holes in the bread .
do n't own the regular uggs to try them .
i do n't know what the recommended max temp .
i have jabra halo and jabra halo 2 .
it 'll look ok if not using a holster .
will see how that works when it arrives .
i prefer the slimmer , sleeker look speck offers .
buying it on the store is twice as much .
i love everything about my thermos travel mug .
this blender fits my needs nicely so far .
11/6/2013 : just used my wok again last night .
just a little powdered sugar and they 're beautiful .
this set of knifes is great and very sharpe .
now we just use it on the side .
the so-called titanium nonstick surface simply does n't last .
my place gets dusty with a minute 's activity .
then made another purchase at cables to go .
i did everything that i expected it to do .
because the speakers/ports etc are all otherwise exposed .
the addition of wifi is a nice added bonus .
i can totally understand that this works for others .
they do not pivot and are quite dull .
this is an over priced , under developed product .
i also have armorsuit on my ipad screen .
i got these and i am not displeased .
or not completely rinsing out their permanent filters , .
this is my second time purchasing the tint/balm .
i would buy it again in a heartbeat .
two observations that are outside of the game .
this however was not the case for me .
it was a real disappointment from the start .
never had this problem with this electric kettle .
buy with confidence if you still have a 4s .
it is dishwasher safe and has a lifetime guarantee .
costco has an incredible stir fry veggi mix .
i thought my dogs would love this bed .
the burps were so intense i threw up .
my dog has not had a seizure since .
from constant use for many years it was lost .
this device goes with me where ever i do .
u apply the rubber casing then the plastic casing .
it makes a really good cup of hot coffee .
paper towels do n't reach into the deep wells .
i thought the finished product was sort of watery .
i decided to try something different and bought this .
frankly , this gift keeps on giving for years .
if you love blackstrap you may like it .
this treat dispenser is terrible at dispensing treats .
she thinks it is a treat for her ! .
we did and are very pleased with it .
it 's a good one and i miss mine .
i 'm not too big of a matrix fan .
it transfers several appetizers or treats at a time .
but it was only good for 90 days .
it is also nice for perishables like dried fruit .
when inactive , it even has a screensaver option .
you can never have to many charging cables .
finally , i found what i was looking for .
i am very happy with this spatula set .
i 'd buy this product again in a heartbeat .
i am very disappointed in this belkin product .
the company did a very poor design job .
i immediately started emergency water changes and filtration .
every morning , i would julienne carrots by hand .
i reached out asking where my product was .
i wo n't be purchasing any of these again .
some things are okay to buy on the cheap .
the install routine did not even work properly .
the high ratings here must be from previous years .
i used them for hours on multiple occasions .
it is very easy to cut and seal .
it has been getting a lot of use .
i needed a charger for my htc one .
i am sorry to say that i returned it .
this was my first attempt at the horror genre .
much better than your standard plastic insulated aux cables .
i ended up buying another , more expensive case .
it is sturdy and i love the scoop spatula .
i do n't go through many but they work .
this item has helpful indicator lights on each button .
the rice is roundish and plump and goupey .
bit of cleaning-up involved , but fun to use .
the camera now follows leon behind his back .
unfortunatly , the game is not fun at all .
i can drain the phone battery in 3-hours .
so then you get kind of a sub-par loaf .
and even then , they might not be accurate .
everything else is sized so nicely for tiny hands .
i think she may be too young for it .
no one in my house will touch these .
boring nearly all the time and not quite original .
this case is a great but for the price .
easily the best garlic press i have used .
it works a lot better than a standard knife .
have n't had any problems with it staying put .
this was really made cheap for a timex .
we waited too long to replace the original .
i was n't at all impressed with the product .
it popped faster and more popcorn than old version .
it barely fits a bike without any accessories .
this strap does not stay on the shoulder .
we bought this for our daughter 's first birthday .
i threw it away after reading all the ingredients .
kids like it to throw ha ha ha .
this job is not for the faint of heart .
their support is also very slow and unresponsive .
i will buy the decaf espresso next time .
the original beaters just broke quite easily : ( .
maintains an even heat as you make multiple tortillas2 .
this is a great set for a great price .
i also have three pets and all hardwood floors .
she looked at me and just got off .
buying 3 or more next time for back up .
purchased as a gift , this item came quickly .
this item reminds me of battered wife syndrome .
my skin became very very flaky and irritated .
vitamins i am already getting in my multiple .
linksys support told us no security , no connection .
the petsafe little dog remote trainer is no different .
can not complain , but i will recommend it .
this is even on a new cannister of fuel .
the led flashlight was bright and worked well .
it looks great and works/heats well and evenly .
it fits literally like a glove on my e71 .
i still have them almost a year later .
my bourbon country spare ribs came out perfect ! .
this model did the same and alot more .
i got this for my wife 's smaller hands .
nice looking , but need to be better made .
it has been extremely easy to use and clean .
what i received could never be described as sturdy .
i managed to get the recipe from his mother .
it fits perfectly in the door of the fridge .
the foot bed also is never very comfortable .
would be better if dedicated to this battery .
i called the support number for the manufacturer .
i definitely would purchased from this seller again .
i recommend to anyone who needs a screen protector .
has numerous connectors for a lot of phones .
i needed a pan primarily for making eggs .
so , i ended up ordering from another company .
will go through most things with no trouble .
it is the absolute best design for making gravy .
i had my doubts but this works well .
i always use screen protectors for my phone .
the new unit immediately was reported as unreadable .
this was my biggest complaint with the dlo case .
the upper arm/heating element is just not long enough .
the sides are actually strait for good cake making .
amend your review that are unfair to the company .
even if you use the correct size screwdriver .
our guests always compliment us on our coffee .
i am having both the jabra bt500 and bt135 .
not saying they 're related issues but its possible .
it was like i was wearing nothing at all .
i was using a incipio case at the time .
it 's really difficult to find decent coconut milk .
i promise to rebuy if you fix it .
and i have lots of experience with tests .
the gps holder does n't move from its place .
just a generic error that blames you for it .
after about 5 mins they were not into it .
be ready for this to be a heavy tool .
charges and runs the phone and what not .
this pan is everything it claims to be .
blocks out most surrounding noise while i listen .
overall i was disappointed in how reliable it was .
it 's easy to use and cleans up easily .
would certainly buy another one and do recommend it .
but the taste does not rise above bland .
still , this is worse than most of those .
the same sweetness and flavor does n't even compare .
it is just a quality 2 foot long cord .
i took a chance and ordered two cables .
these did not work for me at all .
the tank tops are pretty thin and clingy .
no plastic touches the coffee except the pouring spout .
another bonus is that it includes a velvet pouch .
i wo n't be killing my babies with chemicals .
you can read back issues in your library .
this particular nd filter has spots in the coating .
smells like steel when you take disassemble it .
i love the way the keyboard and trackball move .
his is about a year old and warped .
no gap between the cutter and the plate .
the brush in this mascara always comes out clumped .
this alarm is just a piece of junk .
just another piece of broken plastic taking up space .
it 's too bad because it looks very nice .
makes it really impossible to build stable larger structures .
just asking for insulinoma with this food-a waterbottle .
i used gourmet popcorn and i used olive oil .
the stitching was jagged.these look like seconds to me .
they are very sturdy and easy to handle .
the metal prongs on the charging tip snapped .
smells horrible every time i bake pizza with .
i will keep using my nexxus headress leave-in .
i bought this because the reviews were so good .
after wasting much time i returned the watch .
i recommend this kit to anyone needing a replacement .
that 's fine for sw.the narrow/wide filters are okay .
that was my only complaint with this grinder .
we bought orinially to brew our own coffee .
i understand what ea was going for here .
pockets in front help to store accessories and manual .
i have been using this design for years .
this is a far cry from the 500 ft .
we wo n't be buying another yeowww cat toy .
they are cheap and you will regret it .
i bought this about a month or so ago .
i decided to give these shorts a try .
i like it but i would n't recommend it .
they continued playing in and on it every day .
the first two times i used it was awesome .
she could n't stop talking about this pizza pan .
its a bad game with an original concept .
well after only 10 minutes it fell apart .
these are not strong paper towels at all .
the stench of urine became unbearable within a week .
the price is right for this great product .
it felt like hay with oil on top .
this is really cheap and good quality screen protectors .
better weight and balance and more even tenderizing .
be sure you buy the bd15 vs 17 .
the jar assembly goes easily into the dishwasher .
it fits perfectly in my oval roaster pan .
i bought this hoping perk up my crf cat .
i did n't thing this product was that great .
but it pops nearly every kernel every time .
so far i am impressed with it 's quality .
it is a huge addition to my diet .
read the instructions or you will wind up liquefying .
spend the money , get the otterbox commuter instead .
completely independently of me have had the same experience .
the controls on the headset are amazing as well .
it was a waste of money for me .
it definitely makes me want to cook more .
it came down to the otterbox defender case .
i do n't know who finds these things comfortable .
this one is the best we 've ever used .
should be advertised and a bathroom trash can .
how much more inappropriate can these dolls get ? .
overall i think these hoses are a useless gimmick .
hunters are melee fighters that fight head-on with enemies .
this is one of the worst skillets ever .
i would never pay money for this set .
my gripe is with the moon dough itself .
it works great and is very nicely made .
he takes about 20 of the same thing .
i will continue to use my comb to detangle .
quality control is not what it needs to be .
gelsemium sempervirens is a flowering vine called yellow jessamine .
great little design and clear voice sending and receiving .
incredible value being in the medium price range .
still performs its task without any other issues .
the coffee beans were not feeding into the burrs .
my kids love it and i have no complaints .
the price was right and i liked the action .
bottom line is that it failed to perform .
buy your kid the little cheaper version first .
the giftees are very happy with the it .
i have 6 otter box covers in my house .
this case will help with that a lot .
stay away from it , stay away from philips .
dogs are adorable , and my daughter loved those .
for the price it definitely protects your phone .
the on-line software works but is very vanilla .
is a nice snug fit and looks pretty .
very useful product to keep towels wherever needed .
it makes baking so much easier and mess free .
this product is very helpful in cooking and cleaning .
i 've charged all kinds of batteries thus far .
the device failed to hold my phone in place .
you 're honestly better off using nothing at all .
for anything that needs a rough cut ( i.e .
this would be the responsible thing to do .
well it can be done but not very easily .
love to use it to cut french fries .
my mom was right again and she loves it .
there is a difference between weathered and not finished .
i make popped corn 1-2 times a week .
it keeps the rack underneath it reasonably clean .
they shipped them to use pretty quickly as well .
this stand fit everything i was looking for .
htc evo 4g is notorious for low battery life .
speakers are loud and the kickstand is very useful .
finally an earpiece that fits and does n't hurt .
battery is easily accessible and cheap to replace .
i do love the overall design of this product .
it has no sugar added and contains nothing artificial .
this product was perfect for what i needed .
they are plastic and dig into your head .
it 's got this reddish tint to it too .
a couple of cuts and my chicken is dispatched .
i plan to buy more of this style .
i really need a full & complete set .
... read many of the reviews and ordered it .
camera eventually came back and has been reliable .
should have listened to the other negative reviews .
in the kitchen this is a give me .
these invicta watches are all flash and no substance .
the cut scenes are nothing but pictures and text .
the size 7s will be donated to goodwill asap .
i get about 4-5 hours on this battery .
that way it can also be used to broil .
its screen was skinny and hard to read .
these trays are cheap and last for years .
camera is awesome , video camera is even better .
it felt like i was biting on sand pieces .
i 'm moving onto one of the other brands .
bought an n5 , needed to cut my sim .
i do n't have any bubbles under the screen .
the screen is one piece and cleans up instantly .
just as pictured fits great love the design .
i usually smoke close to a pack of day .
it ensures that there are no giant chunks .
i stacked them and they sealed together immediately .
a little quality control would have solved that .
it seriously felt as if i had poisoned myself .
crappy models and textures being a big deal .
i have been using this monitor since january 2011 .
and i plan on buying at least 2 more .
she was so estactic to be getting it .
though the device is nice and works just fine .
heat the pan for 5 minutes on near high .
wilton is a great oompany for cooking supplies .
spot cleans carpets and upholstery quickly and easily .
the battery dies in a matter of months .
at that point they both hit the garbage .
i bought this shaver because of the braun name .
the physics engine is also exceedingly messed up .
i found this to be exactly as described .
but i just learned of an easy solution .
that leaves the unit 's firmware to be suspect .
do n't buy and expect to bake in this .
comes with both a short and long mount .
nothing sticks and it cleans with just a swipe .
my six month up date is actually 13 months .
a simple beeno pill is far more effective .
quaker oats should bring the old version back .
i would not recommend this product to any one .
looks and feels like a more expensive coffee maker .
everything the others say about this game is accurate .
use a potholder when removing it from microwave .
i returned it to amazon and kept on searching .
wow , at first i thought it was me .
my only complaint is it is very loud .
things looked great at first during the training session .
i use this in my holmes gallileo air cleaner .
i got this for my 2 year old .
incorrect , only stated it was an outdoor product .
i loved dead or alive for the regular xbox .
i plan to avoid their products in the future .
the second one i got broke after 10 uses .
okay so it worked fine for a month .
then i decided to give these canister a try .
i was so excited to try this foundation .
i do not recommend this screen protector to anybody .
i most certainly would not recommend this product .
this product was like spraying glue in my hair .
it came and did not look like the picture .
it looks great on the white iphone 4 .
i ordered the spare battery and battery charger .
not really suited for wearing during summer days .
someone was not packing based on weight that day .
sent them back and the seller quickly refunded .
this product looks cute but is not made well .
it stays up in my cast iron sink .
this case is flimsy and doesnt fit too well .
she uses it mostly for sauces and melting chocolate .
but it darken my hyperpigmentation areas by 5 shades .
i am a phone user but these suck .
after about 15 seconds the unit powers down automatically .
it 's heavy-weight and the non-stick surface is substantial .
the website does n't even have support pages yet .
so i ordered one for myself and love it .
i love berries but this is really disgusting .
it annoys me every time i use it .
with tactical lights i have done fairly well .
this was a birthday gift for my daughter .
sorry but i have to say the truth .
had a lot of great comment wabout the cover .
they are bulky and feel cheap on my feet .
ends up creating lots of feedback chirping in skype .
it did n't break his skin but it hurt .
all in all a handy kitchen tool to have .
otherwise they shift around and leave my ears exposed .
on 2 occasions differnet sellers sent faulty product .
it was half the price of the c.b .
but it began to melt after the second use .
trade in the pc version for the x-box version .
i have not had any problems with warping .
there were many positive comments about this product .
i actually bruised my thumb pushing on it .
i own 50mm f1.8 and this 50mm f1.4 .
it has a great size for both reservoirs .
my daughter bought this phone for her iphone .
it comes in an unusual and sleek package .
it does disperse the heat fairly well though .
spend a bit more money and get something else .
the ear caps come in three standard sizes .
it is matte and not shiny at all .
the brand does have a product that i love .
it was dry and chalky and very tasteless .
love the visibility that these clear covers afford .
i dunno , maybe i got a bad batch .
it arrived when expected and was packaged well .
it did not fit the clippers i had .
i have to use a thin cloth for protection .
do i think it represents good value ? no .
it would have been a huge disappointment christmas morning .
have one a bit earlier than this one .
i felt no energy at all from them .
this is where conical burr grinders come in .
this case fits great and feels great too .
but this time its a garbage product from china .
i 've never had a screen protector do this .
the medium ball has lasted a many treats .
much finer than the one on the juiceman .
i could not believe how fast this grinder is .
it still looks cakey no matter what though .
i gave away all of my other cookware .
bpa free and easy to snap close and open .
it does what i bought it to do .
or for keeping things cool as long as possible .
i really like the shiny finish inside and out .
this case is fun and makes for great conversation .
fit in the fridge door like a charm .
i did not find these gloves very helpful .
works great and clean up was a breeze .
that said , let me get down to business .
seller is very helpful and friendly through return process .
i applied it religiously hoping to avoid stretch marks .
i bought it to keep my dog busy .
i 'm not sure people understand the tradeoff here .
he hopes to add attachments as the needs arise .
i recommend this product and would purchase it again .
keeps my hands warm at the same time .
slide your finger up , and the volume rises .
there is even room for my small stylus .
once the tray broke it 's pretty much unusable .
so i have an insane amount of earrings .
there was a power outage in my community .
quality headphones at this price are hard tocome by .
this thing has a huge air release valve .
evenly sautes onions in prep for making other dishes .
damn cruise ships nickel and dime you to death .
the belly part does nothing to hold you in .
spend a little more and get a quality case .
connects via bluetooth to your phone or whatever else .
for an inexpensive set this comes out quite nicely .
i ended up buying a breville.i do not recomend .
the manual is a little daunting at first .
the covers have to be washed by hand .
the sb card took two minutes to install .
its the 2nd one to break like that .
i love this little adapter for my android phone .
i have three of these in two different sizes .
it would make this really annoying grinding noise .
let me tell you , this does not work .
this game has great graphics dont get me wrong .
nothing but good cooking with these so far .
space savers that actually keeps your pants in place .
we have gotten many compliments on it already .
the cans that were not damaged went ok .
im sure im making a review to soon .
maybe they will improve on that in v2 .
there is one exception and that is animal fat .
they are sized well and i like the colours .
material quality seems fine , color is off white .
never know what you might need it for .
the new model has usb and improved reception .
the color combinations work for all my decor .
i also made turkey stock in this pasta cooker .
or an espresso cup which has 100 mg .
i 'll let you know after more extensive use .
protects the phone well with a nice design .
blades are still sharp and it still works perfectly .
after owning 3 palms and one pocket pc ( .
i did n't care for this drink at all .
i bought these balls on 2/10/14 for $ 2.19 .
it works really great with my samsung t609 .
they grip well and make pouring a breeze .
and the taste of the popcorn is great .
i bought this cart for my then 2 1/2y.o .
not sure what to say about this product .
no fear of loosing anything and easily slid out .
the top part twists for the grind level .
i 've gone minimalist since trying out this product .
powering up and down of all devices does nothing .
this did not get warm enough even on high .
i am very pleased about how the delivery .
i wear size 10 1/2 to size 11 shoe .
i 'm a big fan of life proof products .
maybe they will come out like you want them .
my thermometer showed me that the oven was off .
i think they are well worth the money .
the t5 screwdriver did no work at all .
this is by far the best all purpose corkscrew .
konami killed it when they bought the name .
a quick google should find it at food.com .
good product and it looks cool too ! ! .
i missed the window of opportunity to return it .
i never has migraines before and they were horrible .
it works very easily and loads easily , too .
could not touch the same unit for 3x more .
no i did not bother to even return them .
i would not pay full price for this .
the picture shows a beautiful soft faced girly dolls .
i just want to say thank you so much .
and my touch screen still works no problem .
ferrets are forever pets do not treed lightly .
even if made strong it will still be smooth .
inserted in a t-mobile phone to unlock it .
i would defenitely recommend this product to others .
my cat could care less about this toy .
we ca n't say enough good things about it .
i like this but it is a bit small .
at this price , i give it 5 stars .
then i moved it to the low setting .
repeated emails to customer service yielded no reply .
i will never buy a pci type card anymore .
old battery seemed to be losing power quickly .
i bought this on the internet sight unseen .
it was a great long lasting coffee maker .
now i have no tube or reflector set .
maybe it was the combination of iron and mk-7 .
it came a few days after the estimated day .
it is flimsy and cheap and gives no protection .
and this particular popper does a great job .
the paper stencils are flimsy and rip easily .
ordered a khaki pair and a black pair .
i use this peeler all the time for carrots .
they really are invalueable and worth every penny .
it does connect and show the information stated .
just got it and it looks and feels superb .
i live out of united states7000 miles away .
very efficient and careful manner of stowing pans .
do n't think it will last too long tho .
chunks were missing after the first five minutes .
these trays fit the nesco dehydrator i purchased .
this is not what we were looking forward to .
they provide good insulation without being too thick .
sometimes dirt cheap is that way for good reasons .
i say you get what you pay for .
you can make your coffee stronger but not bitter .
we through it out after about 6 months .
they just munch them up with their kibble .
talk about making your life easier , these do .
certain stages of the game are too quick .
it does exactly what i need it to do .
i rented this game to play with my girlfriend .
i wanted something quick to take care of them .
a cheap way of getting around poor graphics .
i think my oven had issues for those .
hope you have better success than i did ! .
i have not seen anything better for the price .
it may take several days for it to dry .
warning some pans look flat and are not .
it does exactly what i wanted it too ! .
i have found that this blender does just that .
this case cover looks great on my iphone 4 .
i like the shape and weight very much .
i will purchase products with them in the future .
except when people forget to fill it up ! .
very hard to discern the clues they are giving .
this is the perfect combination of iron/ironing board holder .
i had to return this after trying it on .
i 'm so disappointed as i ordered them regularly .
frame-rate sluggishness and pop-up issues are also prevalent .
these plackers were too thick for my tight teeth .
mine is clearly marked as made in china .
it has a good amount of magnetism to it .
protects my ohone in case i drop it .
60 yr old female carring her own stuff .
if you want something subdued , try another item .
this one is perfect for small jar openings .
easily adjusts to fit wherever you want it to .
it 's so simple in design yet so smart .
if i could give it 0 starts i would .
i have naturally curly hair that i color .
no such thing as firmware update for this .
give these guys a chance to help you .
especially the blue glow around the motorola emblem .
regardless i love this cookie scoop so much .
its hard to find anything wrong with this device .
the headphones clamp on your head too much .
i am never trying another product like this .
or drop the price by way more than half .
not a product i can recommend to anyone .
otterbox even replaces parts if anything happens to it .
this severely impacted its usefulness as a keychain .
it looks like it would be a blast .
i do not recommend unless you have dead nostrils .
i can use it in my regular oven .
his has been installed for almost a year now .
this was a perect fot for a great value .
the game ending glitch happened to me in bloodstone .
no more clogging the pores with palm oil .
not so much gi as it is gi reject .
i have always loved glass pyrex measuring cups .
i thought i would give it a try .
this has been going on quite awhile now .
i wanted to love these , i really did .
easy to use , and makes ironing less complicated .
they have ruined what was a great sock .
norpro natural cheesecloth is that strong ! thank you .
it leaked like a sieve and was quite heavy .
this lens has the least amount of issues .
the tubes themselves were flawless and fit perfectly .
i highly recommend this sweeper and the seller .
this is used nearly weekly to reheat my leftovers .
they definitely last the 9 hours that they claim .
they are easy to clean in the dishwasher too .
from your phone and transfer it to your computer .
the hair is impossible to comb or style .
these are a great set of airtight containers .
the paper towel over the dish prevented all spattering .
imodium would help- but drag out the experience longer .
i just loved these when i saw them online .
bought four of these for our new tandem .
2002 , the charges started being shorter and shorter .
sometimes a want a zero fuss microwave bowl .
snapped it on as soon i got it .
*but* all of them can be charged by usb .
gave the first one away to my nephews .
this pan is just like my professional aluminum bake-ware .
the reason for this is because of the design .
your counters may be quite a bit thicker .
holds lids & spoons on both sides simultaneously .
the sound is n't much better than tv speakers .
this almost prevented me from purchasing this item .
it will just take a little getting used to .
she loves it and wants to purchase another .
after the first game , the questions started repeating .
the por kwan brand is much better , but .
they look like in time they would break off .
i will be replacing it with another voyager pro .
it is also a good pot for gumbo .
the first one was a 600 professional series .
i replaced it with a kuhn-rikon safety opener .
this works perfect , had no problems with it .
the smokey flavor from coal adds character to pizzas .
protects my phone & feels good n my hand .
i bought this for my brother for christmas .
we had hoped this would help with that issue .
look for my review there in a week ! .
this limits you to mid or lighter tea .
this console does not have very many good games .
street fighter anniversary addition was a big disappointment .
i have more then i probably ever use .
im actually back here looking for a new case .
all factory functions are able to be accessed easily .
very nice addition to my kitchen and quality product .
no one looks remotely good with white lipstick .
i give this item 4-stars and amazon 1 .
these discs are reusable 12 to 24 times .
i love this quality cast iron dutch oven .
i 'm about 40 hours in to the game .
i like that these are simple , white dishes .
bought this vacume based on consumer reports recommendation .
this product did not work for me at all .
i had even contacted the seller about exchanging it .
it does a great job of protecting the screen .
i purchased this toy as a stocking stuffer .
i hired someone to clean my laminate floors .
was n't a very good buy in my opinion .
then the pot is plugged into the surge protector .
it relies on a high-precision alignment which is impossible .
they do exactly what they are supposed to .
sony cut alot of there market by doing this .
i was hesitant to purchase the flip-it but desperate .
the racks are removable and collapsible for storage .
it looks and feels like a large fireplace .
you end up with too much arm movement .
i use this everyday in culinary arts school .
i paid twice as much as this one .
this is like the ones you see in restaurants .
this is a large can , so measure twice .
i should have read the reviews here on amazon .
i happily give this a five star rating .
i would order again and recommend to friends .
all of a sudden , it stopped pumping water .
it 's so tight it gives me a headache .
thanks for prompting me to place an order ! .
just be sure to buy the car charger .
this has become one of my favorite kitchen gadgets .
i bought a set for myself and my mother .
we bought this for my son for christmas .
the connector fell apart on the first use .
the one i received is made in china .
you do n't always get what you pay for .
the plastic was melted and charred under the insert .
we have had it for about a month .
at one time , i used a bean crock .
these are my favorite glasses of all time .
with enough lime juice and sweetener it is drinkable .
the lid fits more snugly than on other cookers .
as a result , i am returning this product .
i ordered a replacement and i tried it .
i bought this from a beauty supply store .
big city , plenty of running around to do .
have used this for hot oil , candy making .
this demanding cook could not be more pleased .
probably more important than a multi-thousand dollar viking stove .
this coarser weave was excellent for straining the water .
very nice french press , as expected from bodum .
do n't waste your time or money on these .
call quality and sound were both very good .
i threw it away in less than a week .
the triangular scrubber works well on tile grout .
i had a piece of headphone in each hand .
the first save for some reason is not loading .
you need to educate yourself before buying shoes .
over all it does what it made for .
definitely get this set and not the others .
arrived in brand new box and reasonable price .
i ordered this in pink purple and green .
very light to wear and long battery life .
i have not used the rotisserie function yet .
& fit into size 0-3 depending on the brand .
it does not give a close shave at all .
it looks brand spanking new in every way .
so finally we 've got the problem mostly beat .
blue was not available so i purchased medium red .
much better priced then in the local store .
but , the lcd was right-side-up in the cabinet .
i had it for less than a week .
the grip should fit around most rubberized type cases .
i still ca n't believe how well this works .
this outdated model only charges at a 500ma rate .
man am i going to lose this thing .
it tastes like pure spearmint oil to me .
the buzz was great and good working quality .
this stuff only works with certain types of litter .
that 's about all it has going for it .
these older ones with the round medallion are perfect .
which covers pretty much everything but a lost phone .
the non-stick surface came off in a few areas .
broke very very easy when i was scrubbing it .
the system works great and does an excellent job .
giving a great review b/c transaction was successful .
promax bars are good , but not this one .
would definitely recommend if you have kitchen aid mixer .
but since i paid so little for it .
i love the dual layer that otterbox always uses .
i was surprised at how small the strap was .
a great gift to any would-be or professional piemaker .
this is the best one i have found .
just a few dollars less in my bank account .
so that ended that.as far as the lg revolution .
all of my knives failed except this one .
but there is also a fatal design flaw .
it 's easy to use and easy to clean .
i desperately needed belts to fix my vac .
the slightest bump required me straightening the rack .
i will never buy it tru here anymore .
hold between 6-8 cups of salad and pasta etc .
now i myself personally love me some super mario .
for heavy use i definitely recommend the pro .
these curries are high in saturated fat and sodium .
i needed something small for my small cross-body purses .
these headphones are almost invisible to my attention .
love the colors they have used on these packages .
clearing a map has no sense of satifaction .
it retains heat much better than glass type .
i could never get it to fit well .
i use this everyday on my samsung galaxy s2 .
i purchased this screen protector for my droid x .
i will never , ever use this product again .
this is a very sturdy and solid glass jug .
it 's weighs quite a bit and is top-heavy .
uses inexpensive & easy to find nimh aa batteries.4 .
the blade is sharp and slices very nicely .
it is sturdy , compact and full of features .
this turntable is well made and is very convenient .
i am glad i looked at these first .
with this information i have not had a problem .
the bells do n't have many bells on them .
these are much too stiff for my toes .
so i was pleased to get this farberware .
finally , coffee as it was meant to taste .
i may buy one more for olive oil .
stay away from patroltek gear , go with accumold .
the lodge quality is great and shipping was fast .
i preheat the pan to 475 with the oven .
the point of balance is 6.75 from the tsuba .
i have a fobus paddle holster which is awesome .
replaced them with a new pair ? fell apart .
that 's the only advice i can give you .
i ordered this charger b/c it was hot pink .
only uses it during the cold months though .
my dog is a 41 pound husky mix .
i purchased this in shade 613 true beige .
it will last forever in your cool pantry .
this is a great case for the price .
i used this pan last night to bake lasagna .
the will disconnect with out line of site .
we both almost got kicked off the flight .
as another reviewer noted , cooking can be amusing .
it seems like an ordinary hair gel to me .
but , it was a gift for the wife .
gets pretty boring fast.this was a big stink bomb .
grate just what you need without making a mess .
i lasted 22 years and finally burnt out .
had it right on the tag when they arrived .
i really wanted to give this game a chance .
it eventually fell apart after about 3-4 months .
what a total and complete ripoff of 10 bucks .
my mixer was a christmas present from my husband .
you ca n't take it off without breaking it .
was disappointed - runs nearly two band sizes small .
it has sharpened everything i 've used on it .
i give a terrible 2 out of 5 .
i was a bit disappointed in this item .
the lid is tough to twist off and on .
but the second one fit in just perfectly .
i paid $ 10 for mine 10+ years ago .
i wish i 'd bought it a year ago .
this item is smaller and simpler than i thought .
the crock and the lid go in the dishwasher .
saw on the news how this product works .
when it came it was a breeze to setup .
this case provides good protection for a good price .
i ordered 38ddd and it was incredibly small .
the meat tenderizer is great for making beef jerky .
you can inherit this grill to your grandchildren .
i bought this because of the glowing reviews .
time will tell how long this thing holds up .
the beagle likes to chew on the grass .
we bought one for her as a christmas present .
it lasted almost one year before it completely failed .
this asian company is barely 3 years old .
always good to have an extra charger on hand .
i have n't had any issues with it whatsoever .
a very average scent from an above average designer .
i could never give this as a gift .
needed a new battery for my old phone .
please note that the company is out of business .
had purchased as stocking stuffer for 20something daughter .
i would say you can trust the advertised function .
it installed easily and was staying 'put ' nicely .
and gillette knows this through their own internal research .
i love this brand of gluten free products .
we always buy or food saver products from amazon .
smudges seems to be easy to handle also .
now i just snapped off the left ear piece .
this is what the recumbent bike folks use .
the noise cancelling when receiving a call is great .
at the time she was 15 months old .
it also accomodates a multitude of mug sizes .
for a leapfrog product this is a huge disappointment .
this item is a great size and quality .
but i go right back to the bose .
difficult to crank even when not grinding anything.2 .
that seems to ba all folks care about .
but this is not really a problem for me .
up walks forward and right and left turn .
the train would say car and vice versa .
it appeared well-constructed with comfortable material and double-stitched seems .
my husbands cell phone is almost always dead .
the ezopower charger burnt out within the first week .
it works for gold , but not for silver .
the blades are very sharp so be wary .
there is nothing i can complain about this fan .
i bought a couple packs of these to try .
i bought this because it had many positive reviews .
amazon had the best price i could find online .
i want to get it in other colors .
both of us were using the new iphone 4 .
i guess i was playing it too loud .
my wife wanted a bt speaker for her iphone .
no , it is not a non stick pan .
ah well , sony has lost a dvd customer .
so it was nice to have a second battery .
batman forever is mortal kombat rebuilt for batman .
secondly , the paint is very hard to push .
i had high expectations upon purchasing this tea .
i always say that grooming products are very personal .
i bought this to help with sleep and anxiety .
my older dog did not like the taste .
it rides up and they spill out the bottom .
the juicer comes with recipes which are helpful .
but this game offers nothing except frustration and crap .
he said it matches his metal mullisha screen saver .
i found it bitter - a very odd taste .
i have used this for four years now .
these slipped down my arm every chance they got .
only buy this for the outfit and accessories .
the others walked away after smelling the soft chew .
it was under $ 4.00 with no shipping cost .
this game was'nt fun for me at all .
i expect many years of use from this utensil .
these things are so easy to use and clean .
after trying several mounts , it is the best .
i will not be buying another pair of these .
however , taste is a matter of personal preference .
this toy was never interesting to our dog .
my son was desperate to own this dumb game .
gas heat is more quickly adjustable than electric .
too messy with as runny as it it .
the design works well with the evo 3d .
none can compare to the quality of this whisk .
just remember not to fill this all the way .
i would not recommend this toy to anyone .
it works perfectly and can handle plenty of uses .
maybe i 'll scoop dry cat food with it .
this is exactly what it says it is .
i loved this different sizes of the same cutter .
the vet recommended clemastine which has worked extremely well .
it felt like i was walking in dress shoes .
i could n't get rid of it fast enough .
will cut everything from chicken to aluminum foil .
i used it and it worked as advertised .
cooks evenly and works well on ceramic cooktop .
alright old man winter , im ready for ya .
i was hoping for better results from this product .
this one works perfectly and is simple to use .
stopped using it and bought the water proof case .
it did not need to be this way .
i really am pleased with this economical cake keeper .
for this much money much improvement is expected .
the toshiba sd-h400 product belongs in the trash .
i was given this gun as a gift .
my husband picked this out and loves it .
these were way smaller than they should have been .
product is poorly made and damaged on arrival .
the flavor is off and not what i expected .
is indoors , so weather conditions do not apply2 .
this item does n't actually provide real lumbar support .
other than that , it functions how it should .
clicking on the control panel did not work .
some popped up twice the volume of others .
need a teaspoon ? turn the dial 4 times .
they will quickly curl up after a couple days .
the wheels have zero resistance even on carpet .
both the 8-inch and 6-inch cut very sharply .
it took a long time to find a replacement .
very nice case that draws attention..protects iphone very well .
we made our first batch of ice cream .
i wish i had found this scoop years ago .
the huge deal killer for me was the dizziness .
but thats not my big concern right now .
i ended up tossing out the whole thing .
the bag would separate at the zippers numerous times .
perfect for a wedding or house warming present .
i use it with a case with no problems .
i expected a game that was more fun .
the wireless adapter is pretty much a non factor .
i made delicious oven fried chicken in it .
a bluetooth headset seemed like the way to go .
first of all , the voice is very annoying .
i find the sleep/power button difficult to press .
the replacement back that comes with it fits well .
remember just add it slightly warm to your cakes .
her advice to me was to return the phone .
probably because it is made of cheap plastic.the good .
i really do like the case for my bluetooth .
i would recommend this to anyone with a rezound .
especially liked the touch button for on/off power .
the 510 is the most comfortable for me .
the problem here is that it is not fun .
however , reinstalling the software under xp became problematic .
i am also stuck on the training mission .
they felt a bit too clunky on my feet .
i will keep purchasing these till i do though .
this is a good mixing bowl size for baking .
it gives a great look to the white iphone .
i want credit for the 6 unit carton .
that 's my only criticism of the moka brew .
well the taste is very salty and extremely bitter .
having a reverse grater is very important to me .
my dogs do not like the minty taste .
i always have to babysit the silly thing .
makes the phone a bit heavy but secure .
it does not help bv..it does not work .
touch the darn thing and the cord falls free .
as usual amazon price and delivery is unmatched .
this is a well constructed , very nice product .
i was and still am sad panda lol .
i will try a small dessert in it next .
i had this for less than three days .
the vitamins are pretty large and rather fragile .
for carrots , we think the upright is better .
needed some replacement filters for this worked really well .
try zelda or godfather for a better time .
i recommend this official product over unofficial brands .
to clean the thermometer simply wipe the probe end .
i enjoy having a large selection of sizes .
her ear-hole is too small for the speaker .
hard to figure out so i returned it .
it did the job for a little while .
she simply refused to take the nutrical , however .
belt loop clip works fine so far too .
these are a must have for tablet owners .
had to buy another one a the last minute .
cost wayyy to much for what its worth .
this case offers nearly no protection at all .
one of those you have to try on first .
needed something to store wines in a cupboard .
for most people this block will probably work well .
i will buy more of them for my friend .
one more thing is that looks so cheaper one .
waste of money for bicycle air shock inflation .
i personaly say dont buy this unless your camping .
i bought the machine because it filters the water .
it arrived in perfect condition and works as advertised .
i was so impressed with the quality of it .
but now i know and we tried it .
this is where foreman 's cool grill comes in .
product works with all the devices i have .
inexpensive and it reduces the grease on the bacon .
the item does what is says that it does .
we were unhappy with the food our breeder used .
i should have stopped using it right there .
the round ligament pain is as bad as ever .
still , most files do play and very nicely .
for me , this is a very important factor .
i 've never had this problem with oem parts .
not a deal breaker just a bit cheesy looking .
no clamps to frustrate and keeps crease better .
product is as good as it was advertised .
however , it is also an awesome combat engine .
reasonable in price and very easy to use .
it worked fine for just over a year .
these are problems i never would have foreseen .
we also feel that the price is right .
i am allowed 1,000 to 1,200 per day .
i guess you get what you pay for .
i think every cook needs this stand mixer .
the ruler on the side is handy too .
get some d batteries and you are all set .
this works great for all the spices shown .
i used this product for over 6 months .
call quality was fair and ui was fair .
the item itself is a poor quality item .
but installation should not have been this problematic .
my ear canals are throbbing after only 20 minutes .
a gadget i have to have in the kitchen .
it is not sturdy nor does it discourage pulling .
it stands upright and is very easy to store .
i 'm actually a big fan of olay regenerist .
they should send fresh stock not old stock .
i would recommend it to my friends and family .
each recipe i 've tried has come out perfect .
trust me sega fans , i do notice them .
very sad since baby liked them so much .
i switched to purisonic and i 'm much happier .
however , i did learn one super cool trick .
it has the encapsulated base for even cooking .
my favorite tracks were in the thieves den level .
and none of them were really for baking .
it 's not their fault the product is mediocre .
this is the reason i do n't write reviews .
i ca n't even beat eggs with it now .
the label says that this has no unpleasant odor .
i only received the main body of the vaccum .
after 25 years my original screwpull finally broke .
some years ago i purchased this same coffee maker .
these screen protectors were a waste of money .
this is a great pan for the money .
i did n't realize when i ordered some dr .
it still has the classic look of the revere .
total initial charging time was 2.5 to 3 hours .
sure beats pressing the recessed button on top .
i can hardly believe this product is from dlink .
it had the highest rating and the lowest price .
i change the bag about 2-3 times a year .
i would not recommend this case for that reason .
very pleased with purchase and seller shipped quickly .
nice weight which is better than other brands .
i experienced what some others did but even worse .
this is my second purchase for this pan .
i do n't like the way this thing works .
good value for the price , contains 5 sheets .
one of the worst kitchen purchases i ever made .
very fast sipping but the item very poor .
i spent all morning making swirls and huge rosettes .
baked for christmas and it is a wonderful machine .
great quality , very strong to use in mixing .
all small things and do not affect function .
this is a very oily and greasy product .
ea puts the same game out with new rosters .
i 'm getting too much irrelevant information on google .
we love the style and appearance of the glassware .
when this one stops working i 'll buy another .
shipped fast with good protection and double boxed .
used it at work and everyone liked it .
i brought back over 12 knives to life .
i will update the review if my opinion changes .
i took it apart and there was nothing wrong .
the sauce is sour and a little bitter .
they are nowhere near the quality of mortal kombat .
i have never played the previous bond games .
but what can you say for the price .
i am excited to use the silpat counter mat .
i tested it with water and it leaks everywhere .
this electric kettle was great for the price .
they arrived in perfect condition and were well protected .
i should have bought far cry or something .
all cast iron hates to sit in water .
no instructions or paperwork of any kind is included .
amazon acai is most definitely an acquired taste .
the grass grew and the cats ate it .
hope that lasts longer than a few weeks .
easily applied if you know what your doing .
and you will be calling it a lot .
the white rubber areas stay dulled after cleaning .
he thought it tasted a bit like tobacco .
i would suggest for a cheap git or yourself .
i ended up using a pair of pliers .
we probably go through 10-15 lbs a week .
it is junk and not worth a single penny .
it felt like it would be a comfortable shoe .
those tongs have been cute but unpractical for me .
our nerves can not repair or develop without it .
they are not rugged enough for much else .
textures are pixelated and the frame rate is low .
who is the idiot that design this ? .
i also appreciate the design of the carafe .
i did not notice any assistance for digesting food .
this makes great juices from various veggies and fruits .
level up a wrumple to lv.10 and learn confusion .
just cutting the window out would leave scratchy edges.3 .
find a local roaster or roast your own .
the coding on this remote really was lame .
i 'm now more conscious of my electricity usage .
this has been quite a livesaver while traveling .
these hold a good edge and represent exceptional value .
but that 's when i noticed the first problem .
they look cheap and have very thin material .
stay away from them and buy these instead ! .
bought this because it was cheaper than duct tape .
there is nothing 'crisp ' or light about it .
i picked this item up at a local store .
if you have difficulty swallowing pills forget these .
this is a required accessory for any lodge product .
next i made a big batch of chili .
i did n't find anything special about this product .
bought this to organize my every day jewelry .
so i guess that part is up to us .
i use them to mix when i 'm cooking .
plus , it can be used again and again .
it does not block any of the phones features .
i grabbed the phone and it came back .
easy to use and so easy to read .
there is nothing not to like about this set .
and you also have to save your girlfriend .
so i decided i wanted a horizontal breadpan .
the others with similar features are $ 20 more .
this was n't a new or even refurbished item .
would buy again and have recommended to friends .
the material is thinner , especially on the sole .
not very realistic unless you like quail eggs .
i left em on the table in the kitchen .
what you are purchasing here is a 'set ' .
i have excellent knives that are kept razor sharp .
i was a bit disappointed in these pj 's .
i am not one of those snobby audiophile people .
i also hate the smell of this conditioner .
i do n't know what is in this stuff .
it has worked perfectly every time for me .
behind the scenes is n't operating on your level .
i thought that it would n't work very well .
could not figure out how to play this game .
i probably use it more than any other knife .
i would never own anything other than this coffeemaker .
run a little hot water through it under pressure .
i would definitely recommend it to a friend .
i am using these two for dry-clean and hand-wash .
the water heats very fast and i like that .
could not get these to go on without bubbles .
not good for travel because it 's so bulky2 .
this one left me wondering what happened to kershaw .
so i added a package to my order .
the other half barely drip out the barrel .
those kind make it seem like real food .
i get a battery with an x through it .
this is where the top-mount power unit design shines .
they are nice and seem to do the trick .
the b-12 dose is huge at 2,500 mcg .
sometimes the rug will actually lift over top .
its plug in for on and unplug for off .
no trouble with the mac and osx maverick .
i liked so much i bought a second set .
the 17oz works out good for a large cup/mug .
i payed for this at wal-mart for 15 bucks .
best thing is i only grind what i need .
what it does offer is basic protection against drops .
it definitely functions as a good arm band .
i often purchase iphone 4 cases here on amazon .
the product arrived in good time and was intact .
i highly recommend this carpet cleaner over renting one .
the potato comes out evenly mashed , not lumpy .
it is the easiest way to boil eggs .
finally a place to put my pasta to dry .
i 'm not a chef or a professional cook .
the person who thought this up was very creative .
the cradle was flimsy and headsets kept falling off .
it holds 2 quart which is what i wanted .
i then returned it to amazon soon thereafter .
not like the ones i buy in the store .
the non-stick surface also seems to actually be non-stick .
1 fell apart but the other 2 works well .
i hope the cake pans are this great too .
it will not fit people with small arms .
it performed very well for the primary batch .
otherwise shoe is cute and looks well made .
with stainless steel body there is no static problem.5 .
the pair that fit perfectly was manufactured in china .
now i have tried it every which way .
does not tip over even with tennis shoes .
this is a summertime favorite around our house .
they vacuum tight and have no air leakage .
i purchased it since it was made by sony .
pre-seasoned skillets is the only way to go .
certain darker colors in this kit will leave stains .
you can not eliminate human or hardware problems .
she caught him and got him in the carrier .
i use this as a little office supply shelf .
i only know it charges them and works great .
i ride fast so my hands get pounded .
should really intended as a gag gift at best .
available in mirror polished or brushed matte finishes .
french bread which is delicious takes 6 hours .
these are hazardous by-products , and are health destroyers .
stores away easily and look like a quality item .
shampoo doesnt lather and the conditioner smells like crap .
i guess you get what you pay for .
take a cutting diagonal from the mother plant .
bought this for my new droid incredible phones .
then they say too bad you have to wait .
first of all this system has terrible graphics .
there is no hot spots in the bread .
that come with skin exposure to the sun .
it 's always the one i reach for first .
item arrived at my post office postage due .
please avoid unless you want a disappointed child .
the whole cooking process takes about five minutes .
i ordered this microplane and i am not sorry .
modify your cooking habits-try medium low setting first .
at least then , they had the right idea .
i found this pan to be extremely nice .
needless to say it was an operator error .
or at least let us use rechargeable batteries .
metallo is featured a lot in the game .
on top of that , this stuff gets everywhere .
this is a very useable basic pop corn popper .
and it looks great with white iphone 4s .
bernard - these are much smaller than anticipated .
very disappointing ! i do not recommend this product .
just be sure not to over fill it ! .
continues to work well after many months of use .
i promptly switched to the wilkinson-sword classic razor blade .
does just what it says it will do .
works as promised right out of the box .
for that age range i would not suggest it .
this part of the game is beyond frustrating .
i love products that are not labor intense .
i purchased this camera almost 2 years ago .
i have used this filter on previous cameras/lenses satisfactorily .
what is says & is easy to clean .
i 'll let you know how it works out .
shun knife 's are unbelievably sharp and well made .
broccoli and green beans are great in this steamer .
sounds fine and the charging port fits tight again .
got this and am definitely happy with it .
that only happened the first time i used it .
this product is an inexpensive silpat type baking sheet .
it is a nice thick cord and works great .
i actually tipped the thing over trying to grind .
the texture of the sauce was off too .
this case offers great protection for your iphone .
i wont get so worried about it getting scratched .
i had the same problem with nikon 2500 .
the problem is that water is plain and boring .
star rating depends on how you use it .
but for moderate to severe will not be helpful .
the sound is great and the microphone is effective .
i am going back to the manual unit .
i think i will get my money 's worth .
works great and i love how it lights up .
it is a good teaching tool for the kids .
spandex at the top and bottom are great .
konica minolta only has a 6 month warranty .
of course , it all depends on your expectations .
i frequently recommend this to friends and family .
i like that it 's thick and cooks evenly .
out they went and enter this amco set .
i did n't get this for my cell phone .
this game is no exception to that trend .
if you try to add resistance the pedals stick .
once i figured that out it worked fine .
i purchased this blade saver for my new r.h .
i ordered two sets to make an even dozen .
le creuset is a reputable , high quality brand .
it will keep your coffee hot for hours .
i returned it and went with an aquaclear 70 .
stains are gone and the carpets look almost new .
loved that thing and in fact i still do .
i soaked the pot while i prepared the veggies .
then it died and i bought a replacement .
with a little tlc this skillet will last forever .
unfortunately , this evening bag does not have that .
this looks the same but does not perform .
they did note a 4-6 week turn around time .
you may want to consider a different product .
great to keep one on your counter top .
can not give a good rating on this one .
i do n't expect it to last a year .
it does the job for which i purchased it .
it outlasted 5 minutes , but not by long .
i couls see passing this thing down many generations .
i bought this for my eureka sc3683a model vaccum .
it is as simple as making instant coffee .
necessary for the vegan and raw food kitchen .
i put it in my console , and nothing .
got here week later then my whole order .
this is a quality product , very well made .
at each end are black plastic half-moon-shaped inserts .
i have a dachshund that is about 14 pounds .
once we got rid of everything plastic ( a.k.a .
worked amazing hoping to give the phone away now .
i would recommend this to any serious cook .
i used to wear this when i was 16 .
this is potentially a huge differentiator for windows phones .
i received this almost a week earlier than expected .
a must have if you 're the average joe .
i bought it to use on my skin .
she started to eat and play in the litter.3 .
the nylon tips wo n't scratch your non-stick surfaces .
i even tried customizin them to no avail .
these are okay for a couple of hours .
i could n't ask for better for the price .
its not a bad smell just not vanilla .
i think it will last a long long time .
protects your front and back of the iphone .
not quick an easy like my other ironmans .
but it works fine for small items like eggs .
these headphones provide practically no isolation from your environment .
i tried airing it up but no luck .
so your getting both beat and shot to death .
it came out discolored , but still fully intact .
the cards do n't fit in all the slots .
sometimes reinstalling the drivers will work , sometimes not .
lesson learned - stick with the real stuff .
after awhile i got bored with it quickly .
i order this charger because i have one .
product is nice and good and i loved it .
the assembly was easy and took about 5 min .
i think they need a re-design on this product .
our old one rusted in the the dish washer .
it did n't clip on well to my kayak .
i gulped hard and ordered this case.it arrived .
it has proven good for keeping small things hot .
i use mine a couple of times a week .
at least partially work with all my devices .
girls with shine or any oiliness will love it .
go to a vasque dealer and get better shoes .
i had to improvise a strain relief with tape .
ok this was my first buy on amazon .
have an 15 year old queensland male dog .
that 's it as far as i can see .
started with the enclosed recipe for pancake mix .
i would have given this combo a 5 otherwise .
i have two of these and they work great .
it washes well and is an invaluable kitchen tool .
the rest of the watch is cheap plastic .
this is the perfect whisk for small jobs .
i bought them to replace my sony mdr-v6 .
i have already dropped the phone on concrete .
i also got my credit in a timely fashion .
i 've used it twice and have no complaints .
also the sauce was darker & surprisingly hot .
and the fan does n't easily disassemble for cleaning .
great factory replacement parts for plantronics plt 510 .
nothing amazing as far as a remote control .
thanks for having them available i am truly satisfied .
first , i placed hanging hooks evenly around it .
i love the fact that it is heavy .
i do lower the recipe temperature when baking .
it is nice to have this stainless steel one .
i have wanted a food processor for years .
it still performs like the day we bought it .
i am ordering another for a second shelf .
took a few days to get use to .
i grew up eating it most of my life .
people ask me what kinda phone i have lol .
know he will get much use of this package .
i was surprised that these strips worked so well .
they did n't like so now i have 2 .
just twist and pour onto a baking sheet .
this model makes maximum 6 cups cooked rice .
i had the jabra sp700 which worked fine .
it 's located on top and behind the phone .
you 'll get 'em both in one stop here .
my daughter is very happy with this product .
waffles came out fully cooked , no sticking whatsoever .
ca n't wait to take it camping with charcoal .
the elastic closure leaves indentations on dog 's hock .
the product i received had just a beltclip .
opening programs and web pages are very fast .
the monkeys themselves are cute and a good size .
i went to met-rx powder and love it .
i expect it to break soon.will not purchase again .
they are not as clear as they could be .
it was very simple to connect to my phone .
proof that sometimes you get what you pay for .
let your dough rest for at least an hour .
i love gummy bears and jumped at these .
surprised by the heavy weight of the metal .
i ca n't use the analog stick to move .
ordered this along with a heavy metal stockpot .
otherwise the ice cream will be real runny .
made my hair dry and brittle with first use .
this does not do a great job of detangling .
the fit is great & the sound is great .
the first set we bought over 5 years ago .
i would definitely recommend this for a cute case .
gel is semi-see through and provides a good grip .
i purchased this game when it first came out .
i actually have nine of these of various sizes .
this helps your food stay warm while serving .
you have to turn it onto its side .
we were initially very pleased with this item .
this meter is technology from a decade ago .
both units were handled very carefully by an adult .
this product was a real waste of money .
looks great with a bumper or see through case .
it does what i want it to do .
i love how fine the cheese turns out .
it sounds like a normal fan does on high .
broke as soon as i put it on .
grinds whole beans according to your desired taste .
farberware 18/10 stainless steel cookware is a good line .
loved this case when i first got it .
all openings on the case line up perfectly .
i have filed a report with the u.s .
i woke up to the smell of burning plastic .
it was returned as soon as i opened it .
i got this because my 4-year-old loves gears .
i expected the same when i ordered this .
this new workbowl fit my older cuisinart perfectly .
i still would n't discourage someone from trying it .
i ended up using third eye eyeglass bicycle mirror .
we are in an industrial park with many neighbors .
good quality and has failed on me yet .
this is about as fake as it comes .
the larger screen is more appreciated than another core .
this is the second soleus fan we 've purchased .
if you want more durable look for thicker bags .
other than that it looks exactly as pictured .
we bought this and it lasted about 8 months .
i could barely wear them for being too small .
corning makes great dishes that last for years .
there is absolutely no point buying a gba .
i can see some people having difficulty installing .
the delivery was quick and it came well-packaged .
i bake a lot of muffins and cookies .
so these soggy beans will not be purchased again .
this headset works great and is easy to use .
my wife and i had dessert for three nights .
it also has a easy to empty crumb tray .
not a fan and will not purchase again .
would give it negative stars if i could .
they bottom is rather stiff and not flexible .
the shipping is too expensive for what you get .
hopefully my son wo n't notice they are missing .
could n't get any size to fit me properly .
he started having gas and diarrhea from day one .
i trust kitchenaid so i bought it anyway .
fingerprints wipe right off with the cloth provided .
like an old-time scoop that grandma might have .
the graphics are ugly and resemble a cartoon .
this liner is perfect for my toaster oven pan .
one bite and it was in the trash .
it was plenty powerful to get the job done .
there 's no trick to keeping it in place .
my phone is a 3g and not a .
bhg also incorporates good unit ai and path-finding .
i sent it in to orion for testing .
to me it was a waste of money .
it has been unreliable and performance has been inconsistent .
i bought these shoes based on the reviews posted .
this really should be offered at a lower price .
i use it at work on my belt .
otherwise i can find no fault with the cup .
did not give the chance to use them .
the case is a good/snug fit and looks nice .
replaced it with this 1.5 cup rice cooker .
i tried this on my dog with separation anxiety .
essentially everything someone would need to commit fraud .
and i love the modern look of it .
it was n't even close to my old worktunes .
bought as a backup battery just in case .
plus they are too loose for a straight fit .
i could not believe how terrible this game was .
its just a turn based arcade fighting game .
each character has two levels of special attacks .
the sound of these little thing is awsome .
this was ordered for my 5 year old grandson .
now i see amazon has come down in price .
my kid gets so frustrated playing this game .
when i took them off the pain was extruciating .
i would recommend the zeller p20 to anyone .
i have a love-hate relationship with this game .
you can not turn on music with the sena .
even the smallest would not fit into my ear .
but adorama is not very good with customer service .
this is our 2nd black & decker toaster .
first of all it is ridiculous to put together .
my physical therapist recommended these for my heel pain .
im hoping they will go.not using this now .
it works just as good as the first one .
it has held up well over the years too .
i can chop for hours with this knife .
do not buy these- get some sony earbuds instead .
this was not the product to duo it .
i do n't think this is a good solution .
i have larger hands which are also strong .
you feel the weight , but not too heavy .
the changing lights are definitely adding to the novelty .
this one has filter on bottom as well .
this machine won him over after our second use .
quality is poor , they are a bit flimsy .
if theres no concern go for the gaggia .
do n't waste your time or money on this .
forget about the 4 grams of fiber per cup .
the charmeuse is as soft as came be .
i have used and broken many can openers .
i use this tool every day and love it .
the charger and usb cable i received works perfectly .
she used it for a week and dropped it .
although a lot of workarounds have been posted .
the plastic does not feel cheap at all .
i bought the travel size and the regular size .
this juice extractor is perfect for my needs .
for the price , that is not very long .
induced my gag reflex the smell was just sickening .
wonderful quality , heavy and strong and easily cleaned .
do yourself a favor and get something better .
it took me over 10 minutes to clean it .
this requires a lot of strength in your grip .
i just do n't trust my babies with this .
i bought this only after mulling over the reviews .
i could not stand the weird smell at all .
probably too much power for my 30 gallon tank .
i did n't think there would be a difference .
they still have n't broken down in two years .
i paid $ 78 for mine in late nov .
that i did not have with the h710 .
a fraction of the time the other one took .
both of them are not performing as expected .
it 's not a fantastic game by any means .
you 'll spend more money in the long run .
so a flip-type case looked like a good solution .
there has been no falling apart or senseless breaking .
stay very very very far away from this .
this one might even be a bit more so .
changing batteries in and out is no big deal .
the call quality seems to be very good .
this was a perfect size for a wilton pan .
i ordered this scope for my ruger 10/22 .
the loudness i did not find a problem .
and the supporting characters had some really touching material .
enfamil infant is characterized by choline and dha .
the knife also comes with blades to cut bread .
still you can not have enough of these chargers .
the add ingredients feature has worked perfectly for me .
curls up after 1 wash in the dishwasher .
perhaps they should stick with books and dvd 's .
better to be a sloppy dough than too tight .
every microwave should come with one of these .
also love the clean lines of the design .
i use it for my entire basement and stairs .
what can i say ? this product worked as-advertised .
the rest of the toy seems pretty sturdy .
some of the connection appeared to be broken .
elder scrolls : oblivion is almost a good game .
but that 's okay as long as it works .
not a huge deal but wanted to mention .
there are only 24 servings per box vs .
he also says the sound quality is great .
and on the box it says 1000 watts .
the later turtles games were far better than this .
it was my first experience with a crop pot .
not worth either the calories or the dangerous ingredients .
thid does an excellent job of cooking eggs .
i use it to fine grind dry spices .
they look very nice sitting on the kitchen table .
a good precaution is one of these angled connectors .
i switched to brita because theirs are more economical .
i can blend my kumquats at a touch .
fits just right and was very easy to install .
it is sold in capsule form for gas prevention .
luckily i got a small amount just to try .
the orcs are different and have different features .
they got goopy and runny after one use .
and i may never need to buy another one .
i really do n't care how the game ends .
it was a factory refurb with full warantee .
like i said though , perfect for game hens .
i feed my dogs and cats with the bowls .
i wish this were just a bit bigger .
the koss are also a tad too tight .
no complaints from others about hearing me speak .
this funnel is well made and is perfect size .
it is very thick and made me break out .
no drawbacks to this product that i have found .
you have to actually open the urn to look .
cleanup goes fast and the dishwasher cleans it well .
do not expose to heat above 400 degrees f .
this is the second one that i have purchased .
i kept the napkins & butterfly napkin holders .
only some of them cover the hardware/mechanical buttons .
had high hopes after reading all the positive reviews .
you want to have a machine that is powerfull .
follow the directions for heating the milk religiously .
do not buy any of their canisters etc .
if it breaks i 'll buy another one here .
they are a combination of latex and neoprene .
i use the ampen with my iphone as well .
both the exterior and huge interior screens are color .
make sure your surface is as clean as possible.2 .
the box reeked of chemical/plastic solvents fumes upon opening .
it seemed like each subsequent globe was increasingly difficult .
it takes about a second to change over .
the plastic tabs did n't click together at all .
the poopy dog game was better designed than this .
i will not buy them for my son again .
just wait until next christmas to buy this gift .
i purchased this one and she loves it .
or maybe a lawnmower in the dead of winter .
but i always reach for le creuset first .
no more jiffy-pop or microwave popcorn for me .
avoid.palm m515 : soon to be discontinued color palm .
the consistency is similar to milk gone bad .
i purchased this same product from costco recently .
shipping would be more trouble than it 's worth .
it 's a silicone grease made for the job .
the eye pieces are noticeably smaller than before .
and it is for a lefty or a righty .
reviewers do n't seem to complain about the smell .
then my stomach had to deal with it .
i definitely do not recommend it for strong chewers .
it was worth the price and the effort .
the 10 year battery died 10 days ago .
this technique is called hot wok , cold oil .
the manual even claims you can juice pine needles .
i may actually take them to a shelter .
it is very light and easy to carry .
i ca n't say if they leak or not .
i finally went back to my old wireless mouse .
the fibers stick to each other and stay stuck .
i bought this and sent it back almost immediately .
there are 33 grams in this little can .
a large was way too small for me .
i should have gone with a rubbery one .
i blend infrequently , but i want good results .
this is the worst generic gta ever made .
it lasts like five minutes and then fades .
the cats kept pulling it out of the filter .
i am impressed with the quality of this set .
the design on this switch is the problem .
these are easily the worst i have seen .
i turned and my elbow bumped his hands .
you can find directions for this on xda-developers.com .
this is the best scoop you will ever buy .
connected to my iphone with no issues or delays .
i know my business and our sales speak volumes .
of butter and use milk instead of water .
i honestly recommend this case for iphone protection .
it boils 3.0 liters in about 25 minutes .
the a630 is another ground-breaking handset design from motorola .
dont even have a second thought buy a boundle .
this does not remove eye make up at all .
the downside ? no cases were available in town .
i bought this for my phone and works great .
i was so excited the day this product arrived .
there really is n't much strategy in that regard .
my 18 mo daughter received this for christmas .
i 'll send this by to amazon come monday .
they work great and we really packed them full .
on top of that the moisturizer was non-existent .
hope my update made some sense to other buyers .
this has to be the cheapest design made .
you just rinse out the pullout drip pan .
looks cheap compared to the previous ones i used .
there is no room for bio filter media .
i would not suggest this product to anyone .
i got further this time but still not perfect .
i must have misunderstood how this siphon works .
i would not recommend anyone buying this mower .
for now though , everything works as it should .
the only problem i had was the packaging .
very hard on the stomach felt bad all day .
mine jumps around from 14psi to 98psi in moments .
i also love the rubberized coating on the back .
with rice it 's a matter of common sense .
the entire machine is also a mess to clean .
this is a very good option for protection .
trukid sunny days still ranks top on my list .
i put this in the microwave with no problem .
it is easy to use and easy to wash .
but i never get the outcome like other users .
you should definitely avoid paying retail for this title .
the set comes with 4 different size cups .
i have seen better results from many other products .
the presto microwave popper has no such down time .
adjustments to fit did not resolve the issue .
back to the rabbit hole to look again .
i do hope it works for other people .
i purchased this to hang misc horse tack on .
my is with using the factory installed settings .
i wish i had a shorter one also .
seems quality has taken a backseat to profit .
there are other brands that taste much better .
far better and cheaper options in the market .
this surpassed my expectation of use and connectivity .
you 're better off investing in a quality mascara .
it was not worth the money i spent .
i think the monestary part is just a ploy .
simple to clean , i usually hand wash it5 .
the nite ize sport case meets everything but one .
i 'm coming to love casecrown more and more .
seem to be a good strong goblet too .
i bought this to make mayo and chop herbs .
this is working out really well for us .
this is a good product , it works great .
i am small and have very small hands .
mine did n't work right out of the box .
make hot soup in less than 10 minutescons:1 .
the outer lens packs are much too small .
these are in order starting with the best .
the marketing info on this product is extremely misleading .
this product was way too big for me .
i use a similar liturgy for the strainer piece .
no problem at all.and worth the money saved .
it 'll sound like my fone is breaking up .
they go with everything and are very durable too .
it is easy to use and works works perfectly .
most of it was broken when it arrived .
all the ingredients were well-incorporated and blended together .
fits like a glove and is not bulky .
i have found the pda/gps combination to be fantastic .
i have enjoyed this for quite a few years .
but the artisan is n't a bad choice either .
i 'm picky about getting my knives really sharp .
i reinstalled the old one and it works .
you get to create your own races as well .
the snails are crawling to the surface as well .
so i called the 1-800 technical help number .
apparently not all microusb cables are the same .
this means less wait time.its worth the extra money .
they had this set for sale for $ 25 .
it didnt unstick easily which was my main worry .
apparently the closure it simply not secure enough .
i tried to pry it out to no avail .
i learned a few tricks from this book .
the graphics seem like they were just thrown together .
will go back to maybelline great lash next time .
i feel it was a complete waste of money .
the shinny red looks like a candy apple finish .
bought this bell thinking it was for adult bicycles .
to bad as i like the color red .
these sound like they would be so good .
i find it really rather comfortable to hold .
it was simple to put together only one screw .
these fit the ticket at a very reasonable price .
also easy to get hand in to clean .
i 'm enjoying it and i recommended for everybody .
wish i had researched that before buying it .
for everyday use this is the case for me .
this product will ease stomach distress for most people .
believe me , this did nothing for my hair .
i am more than pleased with the charger .
we tried this product with a favorite family recipe .
barely works better than a moistened paper towel .
one of my lee dies came with a decapper .
they are sharp as a good chef 's knife .
my blender makes more noise than the juicer .
i need something that can be tucked away .
very impressed by the performance of the honeywell .
needless to say you get what you pay for .
this is a nice strainer and well constructed .
it evenly browned 9 chicken thighs at one time .
that one did not fit the evo at all .
it 's easy to clean and dry no complaints .
nice hard case that fits iphone 4 perfectly .
this is very easy to use and works well .
one of my pieces had no magnet on it .
it works as well and i am going flabby .
it just synched and was ready to go .
the 5mw power is adequate for most situations .
does n't work very well on my android tablet .
great protection without the super bulk of the defender .
this game is far too conventional and undeniably sloppy .
this tool is a must-have for preparing mashed potatoes .
thats a lot for a case this small .
my dog broke the clip within 2 weeks .
this is the best frother i 've ever had .
some reviews are saying that it 's way bulky .
i was just hoping for a little more .
this board on the test kitchen recommended list .
works great and we use it all the time .
impurities were not removed , oils were not absorbed .
i ordered one size up like many reviewers suggested .
these shirts were a great disappointment for me .
i thought this would be a perfect compromise .
i changed my rating from 5 stars to 2 .
the rest kept blowing around on the bottom .
i shoulda sent it back but i forgot .
the only thing it chops well is air .
it 's not the fabric kind you might expect .
it was like making brushing motions with nothing happening .
and this masher more than meets my expectations .
gave used it on multiple generations just fine .
except i guess the beach of madagascar was pretty .
my device was fully charged in under two hours .
i have the sharpest knives in the neighborhood .
this usb car charger is what i needed .
i hope to have better luck with that one .
make sure not to focus when you insert/pull .
i have a friend who adores these products .
resists all the cooking heat i throw at it .
its very well made and looks really nice .
it hurts my fingers to even pull them out .
for christmas , my husband bought me a verismo .
and the usb was hidden under a slide thing .
ok i 'm a lodge-aholic just ask my wife .
recently i noticed the handle seemed a little loose .
it is in absolutely different colour from the picture .
no problem with sticking to the wind shield .
and i got grounds in my cup too .
5-stars from us for protection all the way .
i highly recommend the set for cutting buiscuits .
it has an extremely weak taste and is bitter .
so i returned both of them the next day .
she has been so happy with this replacement .
i have been using it faithfully for 3 wks .
that twisting heavier heads is awkward on back .
so i thought i 'd give this a try .
ended up purchasing a matte screen protector from store .
needless to say a greener way of doing it .
love the seal on this keeping germs out .
both arrived with scuffs and chips in the paint .
i have used many times and it works well .
i am going to get another hoover steamvac jr .
this shoes are too small for my husband .
i did what the other reviewers said to do .
this slicer is easy to clean and works well .
also make sure your buying the right size .
targus has a quality product here and it shows .
all 3 devices are plugged into this unit .
he also states that assembly will be eased .
this is great for both home use and camping .
this cloth looks so good on my table .
it is the cheesiest thing i 've ever seen .
great price , but really not worth the hassle .
i cooked noodles and oak meals in this container .
it seems there is not enough coffee in them .
sturdy rack for less than some other competitors .
the motorola headsets are not very sweat proof however .
this cooker will take up some counter space .
disappointing because i love the way they look .
just make sure you understand how small this is .
these items are very heavy and well constructed .
and got it a day earlier than estimated .
i brought it back and upgraded to the breville .
it 's sweet - and rodents love sugary stuff .
the poor aspects of the game are countless .
i am disappointed but will try another brand next .
i would not recommend to buy this at all .
both linksys hardware and software are a vast improvement .
this toy was not spongy like other orka toys .
let me first say that this game sucks .
this is a quality mug and brewer in one .
it makes the coffee nice and hot without scalding .
i do n't see how civcity has any point .
but i wanted to see what 4g was like .
the blade is pretty small and not that powerful .
after 12 months the first one suddenly died .
these are bright bags with wacky prints on them .
i would highly recommend this mixer cover to anyone .
this 11000mah external battery is a life saver .
rbs are stopped in full stride by shoestring tackles .
the name says it all - versatility ! ! .
i had an older model vornado that was great .
this product does not enhance my signal at all .
just do n't let it get out of hand .
volume ) and others find the same model unacceptable .
the one star rating is for the company .
the smelled went away for me after 2 days .
it is a very handy and sturdy equipment .
it appears to know not to destroy itself .
i am paying the price for buying cheap .
so less to clean in my dishwasher-less apartment too .
neat little item but it has a few quirks .
excellent pot - good coffee - start your day .
partial charging is possible in less than one hour .
it is light weight and easy to put together .
i bought this hoping to supplement what i had .
this is a great and very protective case .
now it is assembled and sitting in a corner .
sent this thing back as soon as i could .
it did not stick 100 % to the screen .
i do not drop my phone often at all .
i rolled the dice and bought this screen .
it has provided protection through a couple 'drops ' .
i now understood why my husband stopped taken it .
well i saw these and figured why not .
if you move the slightest bit they fall out .
i bought this bag for my 5 lb .
i would buy again if shipped by amazon .
this kitchenaid chopper is perfect for small jobs .
they lasted the whole time i had the phone .
the wireless range is very short 15 feet max .
the pillow for each watches is poorly made .
so keep giving 4-5stars and see what happens .
i sometimes make a seasoning mix to freeze .
it just made my hair more sticky and dry .
easy to use and the price is right .
it smelled like a cheap mask made by pantene .
however , it is difficult to set up properly .
i changed the rating from four stars to two .
we have had this unit for over a year .
was that three taps and a hold to mute .
it gets charged very quickly and lasted very long .
i might try to fashion something out of velcro .
it is difficult to find and press the buttons .
magic eraser helped get most of the color out .
had the added benefit of being electronic , e.g .
the baking pan is the only one that fits .
the controlers do not seat in the charger well .
i scrubbed with exfoliators and cleansers nearly every day .
i was in medium light - not low light .
i got this and tell you the honest fact .
one of my dogs could n't tolerate this bone .
what a change in my life this will make .
i love the regular creamy tomato version , though .
i make sun tea with it almost exclusively .
i do n't purchase filters from amazon.com any more .
i use these in my clay and ceramics projects .
i would n't make gravy or broth without it .
useless the connection broke after 2weeks of use .
i love that it does n't leave finger prints .
easily to assemble if you have the right tools .
i got quite tired of resetting the unit .
this is a brand name that i will avoid .
it works perfectly and is easy to handle.cleans nicely .
this game i found to be extremley boring .
but it 's way more than a fondue pot .
i buy our pizza dough from sunflower market .
it holds the phone quite firmly which is nice .
seems like all waffle irons are th belgium waffles .
the stool itself is well-padded but not very sturdy .
i bought this for my husband who cooks constantly .
feels very solid , and is easy to clean .
this honey arrived barely wrapped in a plastic envelope .
you ca n't beat the price for the purpose .
quick and easy to disassemble then put back together.9 .
i purchased the cuisinart saucepans and love them .
then it gets dumped outside in the compost barrel .
it makes the lightest , fluffiest froth in seconds .
looked good but the red part seemed cheaply made .
bought on recommondation of america 's test kitchen/cooks illustrated .
the product description for this item is misleading .
i 've even re-used bags three and four times .
the just peas alone is dry and tasteless .
just my opinion and not a huge ordeal .
you can talk to two people at the beach .
the holder in adjustable to fit most products .
but a rebel with battery grip does n't fit .
i quit using it and bought a plantronics .
but that is exactly why i like them .
i reccommend it for use with the iphone .
do n't expect worry-free use out of the box .
i dropped it on the ground & it broke .
i really wanted to love this ice cream maker .
not sturdy enough for chewers as i expected .
got this for my four year old son .
it is very easy to use and lasts forever .
i 'm surprised at how thin these things are .
it did not do what i was hoping for .
for my use though , the difference is negligible .
the attachment hose finally dry rotted and it tore .
i only want good quality products for my bag .
put it in the microwave for 1 minutes .
this is another product with a misleading illustration .
i drink starbucks coffee at home each morning .
i purchased mine in amazon about 2 years ago .
this is like no ocean smell i ever smelled .
aesthetically less than ideal but functionally a non-issue .
put it aside and tried it out again today .
for the first two weeks it worked perfectly .
will buy in other options as well.highly recommend/ .
little tricky to put on but take your time .
at least i know it is the authentic brans .
the scalloped working end of the tongs grips nothing .
easy to clean and has held up great .
cleaning the cap is just a bit tricky .
chocolate after it was nuked smelled like poop .
it does n't always stay closed in the microwave .
it sure is n't what it used to be .
so i have 90 days to check it out .
a friend of mine recommended shalimar perfume to me .
all three of them prefer the grilled texture better .
i have been using this for a year now .
a pack of these came with my merkur razor .
it goes on gloppy , flakes off and smudges .
and so the hunt for a replacement commenced .
overall seems a good product for a good price .
thick enough to surely work in a drop .
this product is applied only in the ear .
i really like the way it fits in hand .
as in looking at the pictures they seemed narrow .
a very reasonable price for a well made product .
pieces are well made , freeze and microwave easily .
so i cant say the product is no good .
the damage was minor but could have been worse .
easy to read lines that dont fade with time .
i looked for canisters for a long time .
i have gone through at least 8 bluetooth headsets .
it has an alarm which works really well .
the battery charge just does n't last long enough .
this is a great little vacuum for the price .
i used this copy for reference while working.7 .
the lining is not as thick as other styles .
i ca n't give these a very thorough review .
i really like this device and recommend it highly .
this is not enough for most smartphones today .
sometimes it was one knee , sometimes the other .
i use it about 3 times a day .
i would not order from this company again .
so this does n't make the game incredibly easy .
i tried this after reading all the rave reviews .
lego really dropped the ball on this set .
and samsung does notsell these things for $ 40 .
it has its quirks , but i like it .
i bought this set for our toaster oven .
they fit just as they are supposed to .
my granddaughter loves her new miss kitty iphone case .
i have the factory extended case and high-capacity battery .
they color is rich and the finish smooth .
i have a male and a female cat .
i will recommend them to all my friends .
perfect for cold or hot beverages- even soup ! .
the funnel piece has not been useful yet .
hope this helps any trying this for that reason .
it 's nice to have a choice of sizes .
there is more than enough slack to do so .
it is more frustrating than it is worth .
he is quiet and focused when lacing them .
i really see no positive point to this toy .
that can be both a blessing and a curse .
i returned these and got the medium size .
love this item.works great for pastry arts class .
so this is a pretty cell phone case .
this toaster is onit 's way to the landfill .
i have the 9 1/2-inch and 13-1/2 '' sizes .
hopefully i can give it away to someone .
just throw them in the dishwasher when done .
i love it ! the quality is great ! .
making the fondue in this pot is a pleasure .
when this thing did work it worked very well .
instead i received two 25 1/4 ounce jars .
once again , you get what you pay for .
heat distribution is much better than regular cookware .
other than that , it works all the time .
do n't see any problems with reception so far .
it was time for a new paring knife .
it is hard to go wrong with these .
the best review on here is from lissie .
normally oxo products are excellent but not this one .
comes with see through vented lid which is handy .
my aging and still-sleepy eyes have trouble detecting it .
beautifully engineered and the cleaner keeps them working properly .
my phone shuts off pretty frequently during use .
not every hand cream works for every one .
i have never even heard of this brand ! .
and the penalties that are called are completely stupid .
lines my nesco dehydrated purchased from wal-mart , perfectly .
so you might not get a new hard drive .
i 've had this pump for roughly two years .
they promptly sent me another one as replacement .
i have a dscf505v camera that takes this battery .
it also rattles when closed , which annoys me .
this lodge skillets work great when cooking meats .
both found the utensils easy and comfortable to hold .
ended up giving it away as a present .
i ordered both the black and white socks .
her scalp has an average amount of oil .
bodyglove may be irrelevant in the smartphone generation .
both toys are solid fails for aggressive chewers .
i find it to be more comfortable than most .
i also never had rice that fluffy before either .
will go back to powder when they are gone .
my son recieved this toy for this past xmas .
i immediately wrapped it back up for return .
for the price you ca n't beat this item .
first , it has a very strong menthol odor .
it wont connect to his cell phone at all .
but i still enjoyed it when i played it .
we bought these swings for our kids ' swingset .
i found that this was to gloopy for me .
however it takes a little force to close properly .
very heavy so seems like it will last .
this happened on average about once a minute .
it actually broke off after just a few uses .
the phone case is very cool looking regardless ! .
the wave like design was most of the problem .
i have yet to find one that did n't .
but at that price it 's no big deal .
i am thrilled with this product and its mug .
we have 5 rescue dogs here right now .
i 've had no problems at all with this .
this little gadget worked really well for me .
the air cleaner does a pretty good job .
when i opened the package i was severely disappointed .
i bought it to use it with my french .
they are well made and extremely easy to assemble .
the only feature i miss is a cord retractor .
it is very cute but will not work .
do n't waste your money on an expensive roaster .
keeps slipping a bit off side of fridge ! .
the flickering would stop if i pressed on it .
this is a game which survives on its predecessor .
i like the retro throw-back look of this case .
have been using this machine for 6 months .
the story is contrived and the gameplay is unfriendly .
then i received another shipment of 6 tiles .
the ankle/opening size-to-paw size ratio on these is ridiculous .
ca n't use keyboard while tablet is charging now .
this box lid easily opens with one finger .
i bought the 6 pack and followed the direction .
which shouldnt be a factor in a game .
i am an it professional with 20 years experience .
we had purchased the same item in 2005 .
keep in mind they are heavier than stainless steel .
i would recommend you not buy this product .
it works perfectly for my samsung epic 4g .
however , the arms and shoulders were too tight .
goes to show brand name is not always better .
the unit blew when using for the first time .
i 've called the company to complain as well .
so we returned it and got another one .
once again , oxo delivers a quality kitchen product .
just do n't expect to actually like eating it .
or the coating is either bad or nonexistent .
it is made of junky plastic with garish colors .
very tall and skinny and tips over very easily .
so this router is going in the garbage .
i also bought the 4 inch paring knife .
my salad greens get dried off very well .
an excellent pan at a very reasonable price .
all in all , i highly recommend this item .
it 's also very sturdy and a good size .
it did not work that well for me .
took about 30 seconds to wiggle it out .
it doesnt really smell like chicken & bacon .
buy this if you have kids or grandkids .
i had heard people complain about rust and such .
it 's too cheap kind of toy for kids .
but alas , this did not work for me .
they are also critical for charging your device .
this keeps coffee hotter longer than the glass press .
yeowww products appear to have declined in quality .
these are well designed and fun little whisks .
street fighter , trust me you wont be disappointed .
i also did no maintenance over the years .
was hoping for much better ! returned the product .
can be used to chop some pretty dense veggies .
this kitchen gadget nut is also a clean freak .
i had to send back for a refund .
not sure what all the fuss is about .
i 've had this for a couple of years .
after i tried it i bought two more .
arrived in about 1 week in good condition .
i ended up buying this presto 23 qt .
it did just want it was intended to do .
depending upon your preferences , this can be annoying .
i have a local biz and i do well .
my son takes them with them everywhere they go .
maybe i have been lucky to not break it .
comes with extra wires so that is nice .
i did a lot of research before buying this .
i was making calls in about 10 seconds .
this is heavy duty and much more sturdy .
this is the most used knife in our kitchen .
the other two are just sitting there untouched .
my only problem was the charger they included .
the handle also stays cool to the touch .
i got the xs after reading the reviews .
the connection between the two is very stable .
from my experience it 's more like 5 lbs .
this is no way to pack an order .
would give more stars if it did not .
i think i 'll get the grp4 model instead .
my mom had one simular to this years ago .
not much to say about replacement rings like this .
ca n't believe how simple and efficient these are .
i bought this after reading glowing reviews on amalah.com .
i had an otterbox that broke after a year .
she was happy to add one to the pot .
i handed the stuff over to a guy friend .
but it 's certainly not a very dark black .
would recommend if 20oz is what you need .
washing the area rugs and sofa is a routine .
i hope it will look as good after washing .
i thought i was getting the same high quality .
i thought it would be a harder plastic .
i am thoroughly disgusted with this sort of behavior .
worthless piece of garbage and waste of money .
i love this product and the price was excellent .
this was 95 per cent through the level .
it 's sort of yellowish with a white lid .
i honestly do n't feel any difference at all .
save your money and go with a cheaper multi-vitamin .
this is just i had wanted and needed .
it was easy to assemble and easy to use .
the way they advertise it is very misleading .
no rust problems and it 's easy to clean .
make sure you know what works with it .
let 's try the concrete floor in the garage .
so the bad guy was able to escape unharmed .
what a unique solution to a common problem .
i enjoy the notes and appreciate the scent .
i received a good number of compliments on it .
top of the line at a very fair price .
this is a great baking dish with lid .
overall , i think this is a good buy .
it looks nice and is easy to program .
other than that , i do like the bowl .
in my case it looked and worked perfectly .
i only paid $ 5.99 for the 3 oz .
i am still in search of the undereye product .
it 's probably the second worst mario game ever .
even better , a lot more slimmer in design .
definitely worth paying a little extra for quality pans .
so much more precise that using a knife .
as of now it seems to be working flawlessly .
i hope this steel holds up for many years .
my only complaint is the cord is very short .
i have had an excellent experience with this headset .
i use it with my 8-quart copper-core stockpot .
one was a professor at a dental college .
bit pricey and a real pain to clean .
good quality construction and the handle is really nice .
that 's the last step to opening the bracelet .
i ended up giving this to my mom .
the dishwasher does not do a very good job .
so far , this machine has made great bread .
perhaps this will change as she gets older .
soe should have packed this up long and ago .
the motor slowly ramping up is a nice feature .
this does just what it is supposed to .
this product from wilton really fit the bill .
it got rid of a lot of clutter .
i bought this as a gift for my daughter .
at distances over 100 yds it is worthless .
kids who love curry , didnt like it either .
once it gets dirty , it will stay dirty .
i have no complaints at all with this product .
the reviews seemed positive enough to take a chance .
today i am downgrading it to one star .
too realistic to be fun.save points are pre-set .
and the receiver looked tiny on the box .
it is good quality and easy to hold .
it fits in my car cup holder too ! .
it literally wo n't get through the belt loops .
there is n't much you can do with it .
but the price is way over the top .
this gizmo does n't fit the hot shoe mount .
that too was a breeze ! ~ the boss .
i received this blender/food processor as a wedding gift .
see video comparing this to 4 other types .
the blender i bought came with this attachment .
after that it just stayed in my car .
the colors are pastel not bright primary/mixed colors .
cook perfectly and clean up like nothing else .
it should clearly state that this is instant coffee .
i was expecting a light weight plastic caddy .
shipping seemed like i got it the next day .
it comes partially electrically charged out of the box .
i bought some bamboo oil to keep it nice .
heavier and harder to lift with one hand .
so avoid this microsoft one and stick with logitech .
nice little bowl rest holder type thing included .
this is a joint review for multiple flavors .
it isnt holding a charge all of a sudden .
that would have made them 5 stars easily .
i 've owned my iphone for about two years .
much better than those plastic dog food storage units .
of course the charger is included and is acceptable .
i did not try it standing on my head .
it definitely makes it easier/faster to get them off .
tried it for the first time this morning .
this little item is perfect for my coffeekit .
i have n't put mine through the dishwasher yet .
this frame works wonderfully and i enjoy using it .
go that route , or go for a prescription .
and i never liked how little they held .
it turned a nasty ugly color like molten lead .
there is no shelf life for this game .
i would not recommend this for large dogs .
leather is nice , and seems to wear well .
recognizes the lumia and next time it does n't .
the pour is plop plop uneven and annoying .
i think this is one product you can skip .
bought this to use outside in a garden terrace .
works just like what i bought it for .
it shipped quick and came in just as described .
i suspect it has to do with the pattern .
not comfortable the flip flip was very stiff .
i have been buying oxo products for years .
samsung and htc have created numerous variations of android .
my cat was more interested in the box ! .
for hard stains use barkeeper 's friend as recommended .
no problem i am very glad i purchased it .
it 's a safety precaution in the better-safe-than-sorry category .
it stopped being used much after the first week .
i returned both shoe trees for a refund .
if you are looking at this buy it now .
i already made a far better carrying case .
if you turn you head the audeo drops out .
great and amazon had the best price bar none .
so i 'd say go with your normal size .
there is just too much text in this game .
i found two issues with the design , though .
it might have helped to label the buttons .
but it did n't cure her from the fleas .
for me this one is not good quality .
made of a softer plastic and resistant to scratches .
tried these for my 125 gallon gold fish tank .
and i find that it does not perk enough .
thin sliced bread , moist bread require higher temperatures .
the assisting loop handle is a welcome feature .
i have my bluetooth on all day and night .
for some odd reason boss levels are limited .
and this is on a very cooperative dog .
these are not quilted as other reviewers have mentioned .
great performance but only for a short time .
i did not see nor feel any results .
it fits snugly and feels secure and solid .
still , best case i have found so far .
this is the best pan i have ever had .
i wonder if this will shorten its life ? .
this is a nice product but nothing extraordinary .
sharp and easy to break down for cleaning .
the instruction book is great and easy to follow .
it is a nice feeling and definitely stiff enough .
we have never had one break or chip .
who want this in their livingroom , not me .
the 3.5 mm attachment is a big plus .
i can not say enough good about this waffler .
i wanted to buy a submersible water heater .
not too bad but very flimsy and see through .
so not that great for leaving on at night .
not a trade i am willing to take on .
the first mission took us 3 weeks to fufill .
i use these for rolling out pie crust on .
i received it today and it is perfect .
battery was in good shape when it arrived .
bought this to replace higher end wire cheese slicer .
i love how it retracts to save space .
a lot of vanilla ice cream would help .
the dirt and grease slides right off this bowl .
also remember you do get what you pay for .
regrettably netgear did not get the job done .
the top is not stable on the unit2 .
this wok is pricy but worth every penny .
as well for the extra stylus slot too .
this is a replacement for one that i broke .
then i realized it might be the aleve .
the rubber handles allow for a very easy grip .
ok - i have historically liked dove products .
this product is only marginally better than no pan .
i have my concerns about using it again .
can leave in turned off oven to keep warm .
you rinse it off and it 's all clean .
this just the best toaster i have ever had .
this device has good volume level and low static .
it 's good enough to use but just annoying .
i installed this on a horizantaly sliding window .
this little aerobed is perfect for a toddler .
my kitchen-aide spatula could n't do the job either .
you can imagine how frustrating this is for him .
it charges faster and works with off-brand batteries too .
we own an air-o-swiss aos 7135 ultrasonic humidifier .
it a perfect replacement tray for iphone 4 .
i would recommend syberia and syberia ii instead .
the addition of basil is not a bad idea .
i would never try any philips products again .
there were no instructions for how to do it .
i am fanatical about cleaning the litter box .
i use this one almost every other day .
bought this when my old toaster started acting up .
kudos for the good service for this junk product .
it is strange how readily it scratches though .
this needs a loop at the top for hanging .
i am sorry i can not recommend this fan .
my hair was not shiny from the product .
these sheets really make baking cookies a breeze .
i like how easy it is to use .
this wouldnt even charge an ipad to 25 % .
i did everything right , even shook the bottle .
will update again when this issue will be resolved .
right where the m is on the keyboard .
it locks up repeatedly on my windows xp machine .
this goes into my top 3 of disappointing games .
they are very solid products including this one .
my cat could n't stand this for some reason .
you can talk for a really long time .
great quality and i love the gripper handle .
as everyone else has stated , they are junk .
i loved this item when i first purchased it .
they make jerky to take on hikes and off-roading .
powerpoint also recognized it and entered presentation mode .
one only lasted for a few uses before breaking .
this device is the cream of the plantronics crop .
i thought for sure , these would be keepers .
these measuring cups are heavy-duty and super sturdy .
i can cart it room to room very easily .
i recommend the otterbox impact case over this one .
she cried whenever we put her normal shoes on .
they work well side by side or alone .
all in all this is well worth the money .
i chucked , got 80 million zits from it .
anyway i wanted one on hand just in case .
the good news is that it does repel .
i would be careful if you have sensitive skin .
it holds four of my monogrammed thirstystone coasters .
got this compression wrap along with a foam roller .
love the fast service i get from amazon .
i got this product in my post box 4-15-2013 .
it has an unpleasantly bitter aftertaste and grainy texture .
the design affords an excellent yield of juice .
i bought this and it is very handy .
nice shirt but the sizing is way off .
text is unreadable even in extra large font .
and it wieghs like 3 ounces.- more on memory .
this product does not give an accurate reading .
stores.save your money & time by shopping on amazon.com .
i called and emailed both apple and harman/kardon .
the mystery meat you get in the grocery store .
this case looks nice but that 's about it .
it was highly rated so i bought it .
shame on you sony ! this was a rip-off .
great tool to use for getting my buttercream smooth .
the wooden handle burned in the first 30 seconds .
the thickness is only 1.75-2mm in this area .
and my son is not a destructive child .
it will not longer fit in any dock .
this knife truly sucks and for good reason .
it toasts bread and it does leave the image .
they crack and stop sealing after a short time .
but if the chinese do have one thing right .
the configuration software installed by autoran from the cd .
working on downsizing and organizing the house this year .
i never want to lose my pillow again .
o u rescue your sister whoop de freaken do .
after that you go to the civilization stage .
it is too small to do most any orange .
i normally wear tennis shoes everywhere for any occasion .
we could n't so i just ripped it out .
alright let me sum this up for you .
the noise reduction feature does work pretty well .
the product is heavy and solid , very substantial .
it scrolls way too easily and way too smoothly .
they listened to it and said it was normal .
this is easily the biggest waste of money .
seems like it would melt in the dishwasher .
i do n't really consider it to be loud .
i purchased this product based on the other reviews .
also they are well known for great bow strings .
basically anything about an inch thick should cook ok .
i think i should have gone with the medium .
so i have been using this product for years .
i wanted something that would be as good .
it is 3 tablespoons and 2 is more applicable .
saw another brand but the base was thin .
i guess they were stiff because they were new .
my 4yr old enjoys playing with it her way .
i guess you get what you pay for here .
overall a great item at a great price .
i find that the propane tanks very convenient .
it does not fit well to the cage .
naturally it was out of warranty when that happened .
thanks amazon..for printing both the good and the bad .
this will not be a comprehensive review , kids .
i did have to go over those twice .
i 've bought four of the for the family .
perhaps the good reviews here were for another model .
my battery has remained full from start to finish .
i buy peet 's whole beans via mail order .
whatever that is because i totally missed it .
i have worn this shoe for 3 yrs .
today , another of the original boxes stopped connecting .
i purposely waited a while to write this review .
great stockpot for making batches of chili and soup .
he would rather sit in an empty box .
mostly i think the powder just disguises the staining .
it fits well in your hands and feels secure .
it keeps the wine chilled while sitting out .
tdk is now my cdr of choice now .
i also like the glass top to view contents .
it was very heavy and the color is perfect .
light blue had nothing that i liked about it .
these hold up great , even in the dishwasher .
wish i had n't spend good money on it .
it is basically a sprinkler shaped like a ball .
but i do not believe you will be dissapointed .
works well and actually survived the dish washer .
i did just clean out some gunk , however .
i was expecting something with an organization structure .
let it set for 30 - 45 mins .
much cheaper when you buy bulk popcorn kernels vs .
do n't have to stoop over to use it .
it used to work so well for me .
best of all , it goes in the microwave .
it has resulted in a perfectly clear protector .
good range , good sound and a solid device .
but by the auto-aim targeting being severely broken .
my water used to smell and taste like chlorine .
it is especially difficult if you have arthritis .
it is overpriced and the packaging is not convenient .
i bought it mostly to cut french fries .
not quite what you want at the er .
there were enough weights to cover the bottom evenly .
soft and still able to access your phone ! .
i understand you get what you pay for .
i did n't get into this game like others .
this of course is link and or his descendents .
it is the cheapest-made toy i 've ever encountered .
they manufacture every imaginable headsets from telephone to gaming .
it looks like you are wearing grey eyeliner .
a most useful tool at a super price .
i can find not fault in this product .
i tried to straighten it but no luck .
okay i really agonized over selecting a masticating juicer .
this coffee grinder mills 1/2 pound at a time .
so i started trying to find out why .
black flakes started pouring out when i washed it .
my son played with it for about 10 minutes .
it still allows air to escape upon removal .
this is a great potato and vegetable cutter .
they are lovely filled with fruit and whip cream .
i 'm tossing and going back to oracle tearsplus .
these are comfortable but are a little small .
i throw away the fibre and consume the juice .
i wanted something like the old-fashion ball canning jars .
the handle is easy to grip and thick .
i feel much safer on the road now .
this company is horrible and has horrible items ! .
just perfect for my holiday baking and candy .
so maybe buy 2 of them and problem solved .
however for the price they cant be beat .
it does seem to work especially well on tile .
listen to me : all-clad do not fool around .
if you buy this you are not getting dr .
it is still performing as solid as day one .
the r640 would be fine for still shoots .
a centrifugal juicer for soft fruits such as melons .
keep a regular corkscrew handy for those bottles .
i wish the charger had a lower profile .
it 's a great purchase at a wonderful price .
you almost need to vacuum first before using it .
and i love that it is dishwasher safe .
the upper hole only has a half shelf .
but both of these charge the phone just fine .
i would buy this again in a minute .
the on-off switch on the headset is pretty bad .
compared to the juiceman , this thing is fabulous .
after just a couple of weeks it stopped working .
i love oxo products for the quality and durability .
this product causes severe pains cramps and gastroparesis .
all of the buttons and ports are easily accessible .
the vinegar and salt add a lot of bitterness .
the real liver care has totally different ingredients .
just beware that durability could be an issue .
this carpet cleaner is so easy to use .
the cars are exactly like the real thing .
the bad in this game vastly outweighs the good .
product is easy to use and works as advertised .
as a daily cook and baker i love them .
now i must cheer myself and complete my toilette .
this does an okay job as an eye mask .
this works so great and apply so easily .
i ordered these for my trek mountain bike .
it was not expired but something was very wrong .
i am emptying the cannister almost every two weeks .
i have owned numerous blackberrys and desktop chargers .
material was soft and the design is nice .
can not use features in app for my headset .
ver high quality finish and feel to it .
trenda has purchased the driver software from sabrent .
this is a great buy for the money .
oh ! come on this game isnt that easy .
it has performed extremely well in the car .
fast , but left partial seeds at the bottom .
it is already banned in europe and canada .
i just do n't like how it feels either .
my mom of 58 years old even likes it .
my case cracked saw this one love it .
i replaced it with a nice ballistics case .
it so clear i do n't even notice it .
this is the 2nd grill press that was shipped .
the clip is pretty strong.i have one issue though .
i have a large family and we love cheesecake .
i really love it and its worth every penny .
the damn thing keeps falling off of him .
read my review on the all-clad 10 ' pan .
you go a long way with your buck .
nice to have a clock along with the timer .
listening to beeping then is n't what you want .
i highly recommend this product and any anker product .
this is a very nice set of glasses .
it does what it says it will do .
holds phone securely in my jeep ; even offroad .
i do n't understand why they bothered doing that .
this is a very nice & durable broiler pan .
i take with food and they have been great .
calling then they said i violated there terms .
the koopas explode when you jump on them .
anyhow , i will not be repeating this order .
they need some type of seem or stitching .
i then found a deal on a jabra bt5020 .
a native iphone hookup would have been best .
minus a star because the cord is manual .
spend a little more and get something well made .
i do n't use the email part of it .
free shipping , no tax and works as advertised .
the vendor handled the problem promptly and satisfactorily .
the cobalt blue resembles the color of a blueberry .
hooks are very sharp and longer/thinner than pictured .
three kids tried it and none like it .
on to the next wonderful bit of news .
kinda regret paying so much for a shower cap .
wait 30 to 45 seconds for water to cool .
forget about the big , sprawling environments in dx .
finger print scanner works exactly like it should .
at full volume you could barely hear anything .
this is a dog that 's serious about eating .
ive had this otterbox case for about a year .
i expect either will be as good or better .
it also has bad timing on the notes .
i have used this on my sensation before .
i wish amazon would allow for minus ratings .
the leather is soft and of very high quality .
my problem with them is due to my usage .
this one is very strong and very reliable .
this is the best grinder i have ever used .
you can kill the enemy a number of ways .
my real issue though was the av cord .
glad i can use my iphone in its case .
i add new knives from time to time .
i was n't too thrilled with this at all .
they kept coming out when i tried to run .
i like when companies put out well thought-out products .
my only issue with this is really pathetically minor .
i was looking for a jar to brew kombucha .
the lock is now malfunctioning on one side .
i had a eureka mighty mite years ago .
the fit on my head was too tight .
the case also came with a screen shield .
this means you have to open them by force .
i mean take a look at the cover .
this product is overpriced for what you are getting .
get to tha store and get some assorted goodies .
bought this for a teething 8-week-old border collie puppy .
cook breakfast for a crowd in nothing flat .
no more rolling pin to get fresh pepper .
i would recommend paying more for better quality .
this is the worst idea for a mario game .
cooks very evenly and the cakes look amazing .
they 're nice and pretty comfortable in your hand .
now i am not so sure i can .
i love it- saved me from splattered tomato sauce .
i like the formula that is a black/black formula .
it started to freak out all by itself .
and i do n't pay one dime in subscriptions .
they are very pretty and come with a cover .
throw them in the washer when they get dirty .
especially like the on/off and volume control buttons .
so i went on search for another case .
one can buy these non-dop at any walmart .
unless you have a very weak fragile old cat .
this laptop is a big disappointment for me .
i 've taken quality probiotics for about 12 years .
price seems high for what it is and vs .
i did enjoy this bag while it lasted .
i dont know what to expect next time .
this cover is very nice , it looks expensive .
this press is very well made and great value .
bits continued to flake off during the simmer .
but good deal if you can keep it clean .
it tends to go on and off pretty easily .
its resonably priced and it is good quality .
its hilarious and adorable at the same time .
the products is high quality and arrived as scheduled .
it 's a good quality yet inexpensive little tool .
i use them with the gold tone filter .
must line up meticulously with charger unit to recharge.3 .
the underside of this is open which seems silly .
the smallest bowls are great for holding prep ingredients .
this kettle reliably boils water and auto-shutoff is great .
the micro sd to sd converter sleeves do n't .
i have bought & used many over the years .
i hope to find something that taste better .
there was no tracking chart in it either .
charges an extended battery in about two hours .
the amazon product review is right on target ! .
the trick is to align the screen properly .
total disappointment and i am out 50 bucks .
purchased new but this was dead on arrival .
unfortunately they do n't fit the cuisinart 12 cup .
the big soft handle makes opening cans a breeze .
it gives you just enough freedom to roam .
have n't really tried any of the other settings .
make sure you register your purchase for protection .
if it works out i will update this review .
you know how dangerous to pull it out .
i got it because my phone kept shutting off .
the rotisserie would only be for small things .
btw- keep gasket seal above grounds cup clean .
i wanted them for eggs and hot cakes .
at least the edges wo n't peal up easily .
it did work perfectly , for about 5 times .
now that we have it , i love it .
i will either return or give this bra away .
this is the best product for the microwave .
could n't taste the spinach for all the salt .
spend a little extra and get a good cable .
they say they just do n't taste very good .
and i can not verify how long it lasted .
lol , so last night i picked one up .
it too is a fantastic pot for the price .
this simple trick ensures that you are heard clearly .
they are terrible and a complete waste of money .
pasta dishes are definitely too cold for her taste .
i have not other issue with this device .
almond milk has been considered a health drink .
simple ! does the job it was intended for .
this dvd player is light , and feels cheap .
these were the only ones that jammed constantly .
all i get on my phone is static .
that is the problem i have with this product .
thicker and shinier acrylic - looks like glass .
i suppose you get what you pay for .
now my great review is not so amazing .
it was also very easy to put together .
i fell in love with these a while back .
there is a link that corrects this misperception .
i was willing to pay more for better quality .
i get 100 % popped kernels almost every time .
please do n't throw your money in a waste .
it did nothing to keep bread soft and preserved .
perhaps i 'm just not seeing the purpose yet.2 .
i stopped playing it because i was so bored .
i can finally make my own scalloped potatoes .
it 's the absolute coolest kitchen tool i own .
i am going to get one for my daughter-in-law .
i have worn rockports for over 20 years .
but it will be useable for a short time .
now i 'm stressed and not at all refreshed .
a hopeful replacement for gummy bears and juju beads .
it works so smoothly like the internal flash drive .
my starter has not yet overflowed in this container .
the call quality of this earpiece is amazing .
the bread comes out just right every time .
not any different from regular cheap campbell 's soup .
i am notoriously rough on my wooden cutting boards .
the coffee comes out hot and very full-flavored .
it saves time and is easy to clean .
the see-through window allows you to see the contents .
the case shipped with no protection material at all .
never had a burning smell or funny noise .
spend a little more for a better brand .
even in the best condition it takes grainy photos .
i like sony brand headphone sound and own several .
i then decided to buy some regular flour tortillas .
just a bit too clunky for my tastes .
i had a hard time listening to it .
a restaurant maybe , but not for a home .
we switched to vxl.the motor has great power .
i am so glad we bought this oven ! .
it even comes with the new counter strike .
get the presto pro instead of this junk .
i do think they should make the holes smaller .
such lies at such critical moments are simply intolerable .
you bbq guys know what i 'm talking about .
i did n't find this to be the case .
turning the phone on and off solved the problem .
this game could have been so much better .
the the price you ca n't really go wrong .
purchased these for a new heritage h-575 arch top .
i did not care for these graham crackers .
the seller was prompt and arrived in new packaging .
i do n't like the new product at all .
i may even buy another as a spare .
and i mean the original side scroller version .
so at least i did n't spend a lot .
it worked ok but it was hard to maneuver .
all you need is a drill and a screwdriver .
i was so excited to receive this hummingbird feeder .
the cover is used after the first five minutes .
i wish we bought a regular bouncer seat instead .
my daughters can use it without a problem .
still in great working shape after over 10 years .
i can barely see let alone use this mirror .
i extend it only when i have laundry .
maybe we can blame it on the interns .
they do not hold their charge after 3-4 shots .
this holster did not last a couple weeks .
the latest container lists soy in the ingredients .
maybe not as loud as my blendtec but close .
i love this case it is beautiful and hot .
all this thing did was darken my screen .
i wear an 8.5 and ordered a 9 .
the battery from wgp inc did the trick .
it only charge for a few minutes hate it .
i have four of these in graduated sizes .
the peice tht juts out goes into your ear .
i have never been disappointed with a zyliss product .
it does not come with a frothing pitcher .
thought i had found the ultimate garlic press .
i attempted a fix and hope it works .
this toy lost our cats attention rather quickly .
shiny surfaces and fingerprint smudges just wo n't do .
so i may purchase a separate pot for that .
we have tried rescanning many times and no change .
but i left the massage to the seller .
at least i am only out a few dollars .
i was disappointed and had hoped for more .
it was just the right size for him .
they are short and take forever to charge .
the best example of rancidity is brown rice .
i ordered this about a month and half ago .
the power button became unresponsive twice during workouts .
hope i have saved someone else this same experience .
i also used the frothing wand for hot chocolate .
does not really protect well and scratches easily .
the tube seems to deteriorate especially at the seams .
i bought this case for my verizon iphone 4 .
i know this because i have owned both .
the heat-resistant borosilicate glass bodum uses is very fragile .
i bought lodge made in the usa tenn .
the stainless steel works well with any decor .
this peeler made the tedious job go smooth .
the fans rattle and make a ton of noise .
none has compared to the plantronics voyager pro .
now the little man is painted/stenciled on in black .
just check the gameplay section for those details .
my feet hurt after working just a few hours .
but i guess you get what you pay for .
it has the coaxial type connector on the back .
it arrived in good shape and very timely .
pan has turn white-ish inside where food cooks .
the tail is ok and i will use it .
it doesnt work as well as it says .
you can make a lot things in it .
it can lift a heavy layer of cake .
again it is a great product for this .
it 's the way the outside plate is molded .
easy fix just cut the potato to fit .
you have to resync it with your pc cradle .
no coincidence my face looked better upon discontinued use .
the battery i got was as pictured and described .
these are the @ and the period ( .
just give it a week before you say no .
so no more of these shades for me ! .
i am feeling a bit played right now .
i wanted something that i could use for travel .
has a little melter container on top also .
it tends to fall in to the cup .
the item was considerably different quality than pictured .
hopefully the second will last that long also .
my old one would wake the neighborhood.highly recommended product .
talk to a senior tech support person.install from cd .
the headsets i 've used were always low cost .
prompt shipping with free standard shipping at holiday time .
the led battery meter is pretty cool too .
and , this bissell is extremely easy to push .
maybe it was a manufacturing flaw of some kind .
thanks to the other reviewer for the info ! .
troubleshooting was useless.thankfully amazon handled the return quickly .
charging is the same a regular house plug .
but i just ca n't get past the taste .
their products come in a rainbow of colors .
i never imagined such a difference was possible .
case gets very dirty and doesnt clean very well .
this product is exactly as described and fast shipping .
the price was excellent as was the service .
the first one i received had a broken part .
i found myself fart around half the time .
gary is soooooooo small and he just sits there .
just got really boring without 'quick save ' option .
the noise cancellation is quite good as well .
their routers and wi-fi equipment are top notch .
my beef is with the cost of support .
was waaaayyyyy too harsh for my sensitive skin .
the colors in the game are really bad .
you ca n't let the yeast touch the liquid .
the mount itself is well constructed and installs easily .
the size is compact and easily mounted as well .
and this victorinox knife is was a steal .
this is a great way to poach eggs .
easy clean up in dishwasher , with no spotting .
i dropped the phone twice and it survived .
i sure am glad amazon had a huge selection .
just what i needed at a great price .
my granddaughter broke the pot for my coffee maker .
amazon returned the item through ups with no problem .
you can assemble it almost any way you want .
i hated other headsets that have low volume .
but i cant say i used it alot .
my cats have no interest in this at all .
i bought mine through another online pet store .
it hurt my mildly irritated skin as well .
it is great to use the stove popcorn popper .
but their new chinese offerings are a joke .
i would not purchase this overpriced product again .
players are granted range of ability scores ( ex .
oh yeah and my curls were not that defined .
this is poison , contains maltodextrin from gm corn .
the quality of this product is very poor .
then last week , the loud fan noise ceased .
the same samsung brand name the same concept .
i wish i bought a car charger years ago .
do n't waste your money on this coffee maker .
the products arrived on time in excellent condition .
second one lasted 3 days and stopped working .
for the price it was incredibly cheap quality .
i work alone in a small school library .
looks better in the picture than in real life .
i almost do better with my bare hands .
i have found only 2 outstanding recipes so far .
what followed was the letdown of the century .
i will often use a baking pan underneath .
i 'm buying from myspicesage.com and grinding/blending at home .
i prepare in it and than cook in it .
sorbothane inc. , please take note of these problems .
this is a finely built real work-horse machine .
have various sizes but all bigger than 3 quart .
what i got was a very nicely created knock-off .
haent had any problems with it so for .
these are a good size.what i did n't like.1 .
let the casual players play madden 's franchise mode .
fruits and vegetables are not realistic looking either .
they must of use cheap petrol base material .
i just take it out and vaccuum it .
i immediately notified amazon i would be returning it .
be warned - shaving is a very personalized experience .
it is not rugged and very thin material .
there is a noticeable delay in taking motion pictures .
this one i will use for spice grinding .
it is good for making thin slices of meat .
i have had no problems at all with it .
much prefer other lip stains to this one .
this is ridiculous , and am sending them back .
we own several different sizes of lodge logic pans .
this handle has prongs that stick in this shaft .
you can move your own feet just fine .
product came on time and was well packaged .
will not fit my 91/30 complete waste of money .
charger is so easy to use in my van .
the price of this phone is hard to beat .
oxo will be getting much more of our business .
i really do n't have a lot of time .
the ai is still pitiful as rtw too .
ended up just changing phone my phone company .
it does a great job on small meals .
these patches are thin and shed and tear easily .
we moved from our home of 23 years .
i 'm disappointed with the performance of this product .
this one has all the culinary correct options .
i bought this unit for cleaning my motorcycle .
gave it two stars for looks but functionality .
this slow cooker is a piece of junk .
case covers the entire back and sides of phone .
it pairs up with my mac g4 no problems .
i 've owned several and researched for a replacement .
no comparison-this one is so sharp and lightweight .
that has come in handy a couple of times .
i have a total of 4.good for the price .
i was impressed right out of the box .
great company and they have a customer for life .
easy to store because of the smaller size .
the low oxygen shutoff is a good safety feature .
i order this as a gift for my husband .
this case looks great with my black iphone 4 .
i expect more from people who deal with amazon .
i buy friskies food for him all the time .
i had a huawei ascend with battery issues .
if you must remove the mount keep it clean .
there is much better technology out there now .
i thought of getting a stovetop custom made .
it smells like dead fish on a beach .
i have this bowl and the smaller one .
the rotation on the brush is too weak .
work great when they just come off a charge .
you ca n't i just painted over entire nail .
2 - 2.5 months requires almost a complete refill .
i like it and it is n't too tall .
the large diameter handle fits my xl hand well .
it 's cordless so i can take it anywhere .
all controls function correctly and audio is clear .
but the buds keeps siding out my ear .
i think that might have happened during shipping .
no other bottle opener can compare to this one .
i used these because they claim a warranty .
i could just eat the whole batch by myself .
the first couple of days this was great .
took away one star cause its hard moulded together .
their size and convenience is comparable to sandwich-sized ziplocks .
initially it seemed to help a little bit .
my hair was fantastically curly because of this conditioner .
does not add much bulk to the phone .
it makes acne worst with all the bad chemical .
treat yourself or someone else to this culinary gift .
save your money.it is very weak in design .
i tested them all out and everything works well .
i love it and it fits my mixer perfectly .
i purchased this rack almost a year ago .
they 're a bit pricier than the regular larabars .
the magnetic hold is not very strong at all .
i bought this for my mom as a gift .
and the price is hard to pass up ! .
all it does is sit outside and collect rain .
might want to pick up four or five .
not easy to use , definitely needs two hands .
it is compact and takes up very little room .
mine started to rust within a week of use .
likewise , it includes the large paddle on/off/pulse switches .
and even then there are plenty of problems .
with a lot of spray between each waffle .
she must be the mother to an elf .
i found that this went together pretty easily .
then spin it dry in about a second .
i unfortunately will not be buying these again .
they are large and need to be broken up .
i had hoped it would be a little harder .
its not even a cover just a case .
nice spreader for peanut butter and jelly sandwiches .
you must do your part , grind beans daily .
item was purchased to replace a motorola 300 headset .
they fit both this headset and my ears perfectly .
it is also heavy but this helps with whisking .
i wanted a travel charger for my husbands phone .
and i am not using the softer slots .
clearly a large lawsuit if i were so inclined .
i went for it because it had positive reviews .
it says 2-3 times a day on clean skin .
i got it so it fits in both sides .
i did n't like the feel of the hair .
i can crash it on demand every time .
one good tug and it snaps and breaks .
this pot is dense enough to self-steam the dough .
you also get to choose the quality of popcorn .
nice not to have a burner going for hours .
the other side has no evidence of serration .
well , i always tell it how it is .
this product did n't have the results i expected .
oxygen is the enemy of opened wine and oils .
i use the model 110 with good results .
the cable quality is ok and is only approx .
dvd 's played well- picture and sound were fine .
it 's not very pretty but it is functional .
is what i felt after drinking this stuff .
i am never disappointed by the t-fal quality .
but this snack is pretty hard to bite .
use a plastic spatula to scrape off remains .
we have an akc tri colored registered australian shepard .
jog it a little , and it shakes easily .
now i wonder what i ever did without it .
very simple to use , even easier to clean .
but this one is for having music fun ! .
this is a nice sturdy set of spice jars .
this is the best stick vac i have had .
my kids also tried it and hated it .
this cord was purchased a gift for a friend .
i recommend the tried and true compass or dividers .
my son went through 5 pairs in a month .
do you really want to always have to remember .
it will not look or feel the same .
i can see this gizmo takes a little practice .
these are very hard to find in my area .
this does not make for a good replacement .
i dont think this was an oem replacement .
cyanogenmod is like putting your phone on amphetamines .
i only have a few problems with it .
so many size options in a small footprint .
that same butterfly wad also flimsy and poorly made .
this case has absolutely no feel to the buttons .
the price is good it came in twoish weeks .
purchased this for our breville midsize toaster oven .
i recently purchased this item and absolutely love it .
there are no wires to get in the way .
i 've never had a product irritate my skin .
i will not use or purchase again sadly .
it did n't and i pulled again quite hard .
but the taupe ones look cheap quality in real .
this is a pretty good assortment of bowls .
it is well balance and has a comfortable handle .
great price well made , very cool external charger .
what i got is green army guy material .
i tried to bend it out of the way .
the sticks hold up just like you would expect .
plantronics makes the best headsets.cortelco 270000-tp2-27s 1-handset landline telephone .
this is the one i use all the time .
so , we asked grandpa for a christmas gift .
it 's not like the grids for the oven .
a good watch perhaps , but just too awkward .
are they worth the higher amount - no .
the cheats screen says your whole team is invisible .
again , many flaws.i tried to like the game .
it 's just too incredibly boring after a while .
use a paper clip and press it down .
it hurts the corners of the mouth as well .
at first i thought it was just me .
i bought the rezound because the screen is beautiful .
unacceptable when paying $ 30 for a keyboard alone .
this is the 2nd silicone skin i ordered .
these head sets are great , they are neat .
go elsewhere until they make the necessary adjustments .
this vacuum is powerful and easy to clean .
there 's something called the coefficient of thermal expansion .
that said , one must prepare for the drip .
the first pan lasted very well for several years .
also , the end is very rough which hurts .
this did n't come with the two screen protectors .
it does a great job for the price .
i purchased 2 of these for my incredible .
no wonder it 's 56 servings from only 1oz .
i bought this to replace my pampered chef press .
motor is not that loud for its size .
i felt very ripped off by bogus claims .
the nose extension partially blocks air passage too .
mine looks brand new after years of service .
i guess it pays to read the entire description .
let me tell you something about these screen protectors .
i add a spray of vinegar and that helps .
this is a real good one to buy .
so i ordered some schwalbe rim tape instead .
this chopper does the job so much better .
i was excited to try the mio liquid .
their very listings are a violation to begin with .
this is not the coolest case every made .
my dog would get startled each time i clicked .
so i recommend if you need a new battery .
the phone screen is very crispy and clear .
you would be better off getting a pricier one .
i highly recommend lactaid chewable over this product .
i almost went for the fewer rack version .
and maybe that should protect against some drops .
this set is really not saving you any effort .
let me list the reasons that this game sucks:1 .
i revised the product rating to five stars .
it has a great handle and is dishwasher safe .
i bought a sos pad just for it .
i have already recommend this item to co-workers .
she is very much satisfied with the product .
we got this to replace an older popcorn maker .
i found this on two of the cloths .
you can control the additives and the fat content .
there is very little taste and very little chicken .
have used other spry products and like them .
the price was great ! it was shipped promptly .
asking for a new one and will try again .
not much good if it keeps falling off .
this thing is strudy and has an airtight seal .
i purchased refurb for half the price of new .
price was right and easy to put on .
its easy to spray on and wipe off .
works great for talking and listening to music ! .
this is a very nice little crock pot .
my lid wobbles pretty badly which i find irritating .
flash drives work as well , which is surprising .
the ice crushers do n't liquefy the clam pieces .
product is bulky and takes up too much space .
i guess nikon is the only way to go .
i always dream up new ways to use this .
i like using it on carrots in salad .
best of all it worked with my ps3 controller .
visually this board looks stunning in my kitchen .
i purchased it specifically due to our incontinent beagle .
the graphics and spell effects are bright and attractive .
this left my hair dry and needing moisturiser .
every one walks in and says it smells good .
cheap and works great as a right angle connector .
i have to say i 'm a little disappointed .
glytone mild gel wash was n't what i expected .
my ex71sl failed after about 8 hours of use .
i trimmed the edges with a razor blade .
this little hoover s2220 works like a dream .
do n't forget to buy the screen shields also .
i have this same group in a r.v .
i purchased two of these and love them .
there is no slop between dock and phone .
it now resides comfortably in my trash bin .
love these hangers-easy to take pants off and on .
the inside and outside of each pan is non-stick .
i have dropped my phone twice without incident .
having said that i have lots of dress pants .
egg whites stiffen up fast and very stiff .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
everyone who sees them says some thing about them .
i do n't recommend this toy for the beach .
the unit itself weighs just under a pound .
the manuals were n't neatly in a plastic bag .
my dish is an often-used one in my home .
it is a lot more flimsy then it looks .
you would never know it was music for children .
overall , i am very satisfied with the product .
certanly i will not buy another belt from carhartt .
it came with one extra person and extra fencing .
the price is about the same as all competitors .
just the right size for pastry or bread .
i was very happy with the panini press .
our desktop is located in the dining/kitchen area .
the blade scrapes against the sides of the mill .
i bought this because the pre-popped is so good .
i have to completely disagree with previous negative reviews .
this leads to yet another series of headaches .
that goes for the voice recognition as well .
i will not order levi 's online again .
well , maybe second to the all copper one .
i was really excited to get it too .
the music is painful to say the least .
my 22 month old is into the screws/drill etc .
it does not shave very close at all .
broom and dust pan just was n't cutting it .
i find myself reaching for them all the time .
perhaps it is because it is an older model .
i used to be able to find these locally .
i suspect that is for advertising purposes only .
and seriously my bathroom mirror kept getting soaked .
it is n't listed on most cooking store websites .
i decided to google it and arrived here .
i know this device is a compromise in utility .
not just the fit , but also the material .
you should probably advertise it just for dogs .
i got impressed with the design of the set .
this trash can looks exactly like its picture .
massaging seems to work the best of all .
foodsaver is not its own master any longer .
but other than that its all nasty stuff .
these cake boards are well made and strong .
i honestly have n't used this in a while .
for the price , this is an excellent slicer .
we like the can , especially for the price .
the ice stayed ice for the entire night .
at least it 's also a very brief game .
the angle of the actual speakers is just wrong .
but the hard back makes up for the product .
this is as good as the expensive ones .
i 'm going to back to it right now .
the left channel stopped working after 6 months .
the light was on but no brewing happened .
a quest to take the ring to safety .
i had this coffee machine for two years .
the price was excellent and the battery is great .
so nice to have an extra data cable handy .
bought this set at more than 70 % off .
they are easy to assemble , universal in usage .
however , i had a few issues with it .
this is a perfect solution for my situation ! .
i was hoping this would do the job .
mine is not off-colour as other folks have experienced .
this is a great product for a low price .
honestly the game did n't really had much direction .
the # 1 spot is for another ballistic case .
its great for anything from eggs to veggies .
i was expecting a 4 -5 star product .
this protector fits well and came very quickly .
i ordered this 2-pack and they came quickly .
i like chicago cutlery and have several other pieces .
they 're very sturdy and easy to put together .
it did not clean my skin at all .
this is one of our least favorite toys .
maybe this is a silver lining for my friend .
these have no base and no high treble .
i have upper thoracic and lower lumbar back problems .
once i complained , it arrived a week later .
i will contact oxo and see what they say .
the cats enjoyed drinking from the stream of water .
this watch did not last long at all .
amazon ad states is a large pistol case .
easy to handle , compact and easy to clean .
in minutes u have hot corn ready to eat .
it is very well made and designed well .
i got home all excited and read the ingredients .
puddings and anything else you can thnk of .
lol it adds hardly no bulk to my phone .
the steam does loosen dirt well , without chemicals .
then go around the cake with the comb again .
just purchased a replacement top- blender is terrific .
u should get something a little more expensive/durable .
kitchen , bathrooms and wood floors are a snap .
this is actually the best temple in the game .
its ease of use and go-at-your-own-pace operation is great .
and we are all guilty of it.you look great .
i tried different brands but this is no 1 .
the assisted-open function is one of my favorites .
but no one plays mario party for the graphics .
i cook regularly and use these knives everyday .
the material good and the cut was too close .
very difficult to scrape even using the say blade .
i will not play silent hill 3 again .
would buy another if my phone did n't break .
my husband said much more than that would overflow .
these products arenot what they say they are .
did n't want my daughter to scratch her screen .
well , he could not have been any happier .
and expect this tea to be very spicy hot .
i found 2 to be appropriate for my needs .
been using this for a couple of months now .
but then again there are no clues ; nothing .
i live in seattle , the home of starbucks .
me preocupa que aparezca entre los articulos comprados .
rarely do i ever give something one star .
this is annoying but not a deal breaker.2 .
i 've had this one for a few days .
i bought this to replace my polk audio psw10 .
do not waste your money on this item .
also , it fits in my breville smart oven .
it was over in a couple of minutes .
for the price , the cards are well enough .
masking it with protein and stevia helped a lot .
i was n't even wearing them at the time .
it was on the top of her birthday list .
it was n't left with any moisture near it .
my hair eats oil and grease for lunch .
the only thing it lightened was my wallet .
once you are on the track , anything goes .
this is basically free and works beautifully but looks .
so it just does n't have much zelda charm .
i was a bit leary of these at first .
my chocolate lab puppy is a terrible chewer .
spoiler alert : this is a stupidly long review .
you need to be kinda techie to do it .
i replaced it with this item and worked great .
they are lucky i gave them one star .
the replacement part came in 2 weeks later .
buy from macy 's department store is my recommendation .
i like having the control of the ingredients .
looking forward to another 10 years with the mixer .
works well , but does not fit all ranges .
i could hardly see them at any focus adjustment .
i am very happy with the itp holster .
this product seems to be torturous for my dog .
i bought this to replace a dieing d-link router .
i take them out and let them air dry .
it made about a quart and it was delicious .
this happens with the lightest of pulls and chews .
this is not the tecmo bowl that everyone loves .
i wish i could take this one back ! .
maps too small -- see 8 player online only.9 .
the front f the iphone is not protected .
they are starting to trend in my office now .
anyone have some cake we can borrow ? thanks .
use one burner to bring it up to pressure .
as with all wilton pans this is no different .
the entire length feels fine except the crotch area .
reported this to the manufacturer and the fda .
this is just what i needed for a trip .
hold my coffee grinds and help make fresh coffee .
so i went ahead and about another one .
and it is nice and easy to maneuver .
i need a bt headset primarily for calls .
i think this is excellent for the money .
i have tried 1/2 cup , but it overflows .
the blue plastic pry tool are no use .
no issues with the protector what so ever .
i have found few uses for bags this small .
i really like the rolling pin cover , too .
its lasted for many years and regular popcorn batches .
i noticed that my inner thigh was getting scratched .
it worked perfectly right out of the box .
it also came with an extra screen protector .
this is my first time playing dead or alive .
i like that the outside does n't collect fingerprints .
i have not complaints where this item is concerned .
but something about it will make em run .
i would have to look at the manual .
the amount you get is also quite little .
first time i used it the lever broke off .
you got to try it to believe it .
buy 12 '' instead and you will be happy .
the less expensive celestron t-ring is much better .
the gift recipient said the product tasted good .
i thought this would work well for me .
this item seems to have received mixed reviews .
it removed the skins and seeds without any issue .
most containers are n't big enough to hold them .
i do n't have troubles getting it clean either .
i like having a bow to fight with .
my granddaughter is7 years old and they fit her .
it does great in the dishwasher as well .
the soap is gritty and dulls the edge .
these are my favorite screen protectors by far .
i wish the rubber feet is a little longer .
the results with this particular configuration are pretty good .
i also found the shirt a little short .
the medium is a perfect size for sugar cookies .
i had such high hopes for superman returns .
this game 's hot pursuit mode is totally heinous .
nice looking and will hold many different items .
it can charge the earpiece up to three times .
it was packaged well and arrived on time .
terrific for many kinds of cookies and art projects .
cleanup is simple and no extra strainer to clean .
made well , brand name so i expected that .
this charger would take forever to charge up phones .
but after getting in our hands and seeing it .
one time i was talking on my phone .
these were miscut and idd not align properly .
no experimentation to find the right cooking selection .
this bra was unattractive and uncomfortable to wear .
that is the reason for the four stars .
this soft silicon gel protector is the best .
this unit lasted 2 months before it died .
i also keep the coffee-maker clean using vinegar .
horrid holster , but then we already knew that .
i am soooo glad that i bought this pot .
i put one on top of a nickel .
just make sure you get a good price .
leaves my hair feeling very soft and smooth .
this arrived in a timely manner , packaged well .
this case is inexpensive because it 's cheaply made .
i echo others - these things are enormous .
i had no problems replacing the old battery .
and like i said , it gets daily use .
it simultaneously has low gain yet no sound isolation .
purchased these hoping they would be cute and comfortable .
the cards do n't slide in easy as well .
after 1 week this one did the same thing .
this is going to get used a lot ! .
and , i love the comedy in this game .
with 2 opposite handles that swing down when steaming .
i bought 4 of these jars for my birdseed .
excellent value and it feels good in hand .
it really is worth it 's weight in gold .
fortunately for us , real bpa-free alternatives do exist .
moving the shifting lever does the same thing .
so it has a good longevity to the battery .
it is super thin and not what i expected .
it landed on our hardwood floor and busted immediately .
one cup at a time is fine for me .
overnight , it unexpectedly overheated and fried my fish .
i guess thats like being a little pregnant .
that solution has an unacceptably high yuck factor .
the smell right now is making it unusable .
the red color goes extremely well with my kitchen .
clean up was easier than the roaster it replaced .
wrong ! they were just as squeaky and obvious .
sound quality and volume are fine for my use .
just really white and that was what i wanted .
it is a powder in a foil packet .
i do n't like this dumb game at all .
it sits there like a little coffee pond .
the volume problem was in part related to this .
it 's been a great addition to our kitchen .
save your money and just get rechargeable aa batteries .
when i started cake decorating , i bought everything .
i just love my morning coffee with this thing .
i hope they redesign it to fit the 4s .
the help key is not very helpful , either .
i had a 4-star review up for this dryer .
i guess i can make multiple-sized biscuits haha .
process of elimination zeroed in on this one .
nothing fancy here , just a handy little tool .
on my 3rd computer using video-redo and other utilities .
would like to get a smaller one as well .
i bought this because of a rebate offer .
this will tighten the lid around the rubber seal .
i bought the largest size specifically for doing bread .
this is one of my favorite purchases from amazon .
it is a great investment for my 4gs .
advanced elements make great kayaks but bad pumps ! .
i think it works just the same though .
well worth the few bucks you pay for it .
even my pots are too small to hold them .
and verizon customer service is very good as well .
that said , china imports large quantities of u .
most of the characters look almost the same .
did take forever to come in the mail though .
clean-up means attention to openings that release steam .
this is certainly a must-have item for your kitchen .
to say it 's complicated is a serious understatement .
it offers excellent protection at a great price .
and the size is perffect for small rooms .
it only lasted a few months.i bought one more .
this one actually cleans and does a nice job .
there are instructions on how to shorten the rope .
then it turned off , never to function again .
these are great for making leathers in my dehydrator .
for the price , this is a great case .
my dog definitely did not like this product .
it worked , i was able to quit smoking .
great looking and at a great price too .
i use it t store all our wine charms .
this scaler makes quick work of any fish .
it does a good job on temperature measurement .
make sure you get the model number you expected .
you know they are aware of so many complaints .
i love this headset - use it for work .
i have had this silverware for about 2 months .
after that you have to reconvert the song again .
i saw nothing that resembled the gameplay on tv .
i originally ordered this for my 88-yr old mother .
this does not feel at all like a moisturizer .
if you want heavy duty , this is it .
the pen writes great and the stylus works smoothly .
last time i ordered the absolute least expensive one .
just the right size for my genesis grill .
this turns into a tedious and time consuming process .
i ran scrap dough through the roller and cutters .
i wish i had found it years ago .
this phone picks up fingerprints like nothing else .
these things slip on a hard painted concrete floor .
kind of impressive.times change and so do eating habits .
the scroll ring on the expert was junk .
i have used it for about 5 years now .
protecting your investment is a very smart idea .
the press is heavy duty and performs well .
i bought this for my husband for work .
this is a must for any serious shortbread fan .
can 't say i was impressed by this product .
my mom has one and we use it regularly .
you really ca n't beat it for the price .
you have to scrape it off of everything .
the 4-for-3 deal makes this a must buy .
it slides in easily without a protective case on .
this only holds less than four cups of coffee .
looks great with a black and white table setting .
very hard to clean the way it is .
my last case cracked when hiking in the cold .
at least until you take a closer look .
i tried a couple different flavors , same result .
the commuter series has a nice slim design .
no more processed ready made foods for us .
it turns out to have been a mistake .
i bought this from ross for like 4 bucks .
next immediately started to sharpen very old knives .
wish i had gotten about 15 years ago ! .
it was shipped quickley and was exactly as described .
the only sililarity was that it was black .
the area where it charges your battery is flimsy .
at beginning of october , i disconnected it completely .
but things immediately reveal themselves to be terrible .
my son received this as a gift last christmas .
learned that the hard way with my first one .
my two large breeds puppies hated this food .
the volume does not adjust very loud at all .
makes a great housewarming or shower gift too ! .
the case still looks as good as new .
none of my other magnets could hold it .
i like the classic revere-bowl shape of those .
but i do not like it at all .
no instructions came but i figured it out .
blocks the pores with a thick greasy film .
i am returning the last 2 bottles i ordered .
unfortunately it did not get better from there .
i just would not recommend buying this item ! .
i love the lid , especially when microwaving items .
it works well and is easy to clean .
it also works with my plantronics bluetooth earpiece .
i do n't understand how that could be possible .
this chain does not com with a master link .
most airlines have a 50lb weight limit on suitcases .
too bad they have such a major flaw .
go to rammounts.com and check their products out .
i could not believe how disappointing this was .
fits my samsung galaxy s2 skyrocket very well .
last game i will ever buy from sega .
i love these glasses and their unique artistic shape .
thank you for your superb product and packaging .
the streamlined pitcher takes up little refrigerator space.5 .
order with this converter to be ready for anything .
i plain just do n't like these fruit snacks .
glad to have a phone that i can upgrade .
i like the idea of this product a lot .
i was shocked as i ordered new ones .
it goes from perfect to slightly burned very quickly .
works 75 % of the time.easy to put together .
this was the messiest henna i have ever tried .
this is a good price and a nice unit .
this is now my go to small appliance .
this is perhaps the biggest shortcoming of the game .
we are still getting a feel for seasoning .
for a ride to the park is ok .
it also smells great , without the sour smell .
it 's not even as long as my arm .
i like the little claws that open and close .
i use the 5-quart pot for the pasta .
luckily i am in the return window for folica .
her older economy burr grinder died in early april .
this battery is almost as ineffective as my original .
i am a woman that can deal with pain .
i read that heat destroys the valuable compounds .
i love the way the yeast dispenser works .
i would definitely buy again and not look elsewhere .
hanging things on walls helps you keep organized .
suggest a wok with a companion ring instead .
i wanted something smaller for my 6 year old .
the sound embodies crisp highs and full lows .
i love the material its made out of .
my mother has been using hers for 20 years .
made my skull itchy and my hair dry .
gmos have never been tested for safety in humans .
they did loosen up after washing a few times .
i should have known it was not worth it .
both the equipment and magic systems are bad .
like most games the difficulty level is absolutely ridiculous .
however , this does not adequately moisturize my skin .
easy to handle and a delight to use .
it stays sharp and feels great in the hand .
may work for others who do not take meds .
and as an added bonus , they look nice .
no issues with the size , it fit perfectly .
this gift is up on the ceiling and forgettable .
a must for everyone i highly recommened this .
this case is a competitor to otterbox commuter case .
this one looked to be in mint condition .
my little guy had no interest in this .
this product allows you to do that again .
i still like the smaller ones specifically for meat .
just not the quality i have come to expect .
this is a great case for the htc sensation .
so much stuff for such a small price .
it takes an inordinately long time to clean carpet .
the active ingredient in the pads is salicylic acid .
my druid last game killed about 15 units .
whit this the stand mixer is a great machine .
will post a followup review if all goes well .
for me this product was a waste of money .
i always disliked the dish rack on the counter .
i used it for watermelons for our bbq .
i used this faithfully for over a month .
one final disclosure i feel i should make .
if you like the camera so much buy mine .
they refered the call to d-link special tech support .
it works at over 40 ' in open spaces .
you will enjoy of protection and clear image here .
only works with the very light plastic balls .
it also cuts tomatoes without making them into mush .
the problem is with the tedious game play .
i will post a photo of the damage tonight .
it is much better than the other brand .
however , this goddess formula smelled like veggie oil .
it cleans easily and feels comfortable in my hand .
kind of heavy on the stomach as well .
i also really like the horizontal full loaf pan .
i hope it works for others like they say .
it can swallow an entire apple , no problems .
i like it for tall cans and so forth .
i highly recommend this coffemaker for it delivers ! .
this cream is moisturinzing and has an off smell .
i was surprised at the quality for the price .
the same song plays over and over and over .
it 's first and foremost a beautiful toaster oven .
the goals are timed and a little too coached .
we look forward to enjoying it fully soon ! .
i bought my first one over five years ago .
i popped open the top of the jarrow bottle .
invest in a plastic cleaning brush for cleaning .
overall it 's an essential device for your car .
this vac charges quickly and has great suction .
this mechine is my first carpet steam cleaner .
one of the parts does n't even work anymore .
my coffee was room temperature in about 20 minutes .
looks like it would have been very useful system .
it is a novel jewelry box or trinket holder .
but this one looks fine and works great .
nothing will keep it that safe for the money .
still tastes bad even with sugar and creamer added .
this grinder produces even grinding and great coffee .
just be careful to order correct phone model .
we 'll probably throw it out after the winter .
the layout of the route you follow is redundent .
these i wanted for leftovers , or to microwave .
i purchased another cusinart howevetr it was smaller .
the mary kay oil mattifier is much much better .
sort of watery and hard to rinse out .
the holster does not hold my husbands phone .
they say the proof is in the pudding .
looks like it has tint till it goes on .
thus far we are very happy with this unit .
i still have to use a potato peeler .
this is a nice and cheap replacement sync cable .
we like the bigger numerals and loud enough alarm .
it 's a nice addition to my kitchen arsenal .
i would rather be supporting the american worker .
bought this a while back for my mastiff .
did not work worth a darn on my phone .
otherwise it could be a haven for bacteria .
their quality level seems to be decreasing lately .
i have no idea why people say otherwise .
blaze wears a white shirt & white shirt .
the only glitch is the brightness of the display .
recommend two of my friends to buy it already .
they look like something from a nintendo 64 game .
only about half of the cover can fit .
these are very flexible and thin - yet durable .
these are the best 'phones i can find .
all of them worked great , and charge fast .
the packaging for the tablets is also good .
if you have an athletic build , avoid it .
the flimsy construction made set up a nightmare .
you ca n't even tell you just cut something .
i was gifted an older boos butcher block .
i do n't notice that my skin is softer .
we were mesmerized watching it do its work .
i tried shooting him with my meager handgun ammo .
i love my krups egg express egg cooker .
unless you love bond games dont buy this .
that is just a clever marketing ploy ( i.e .
we bought this for hardwood floors and stairs .
this is the only baster you will ever need .
i hate a growing mouse in dark environments.2 .
the original formula is ocd about ginger punch .
would buy again if nothing better comes along .
hard to get in and out of the case .
turns out they are both made by 3m .
i have had moderate acne for about 10 years .
and i like using the coffee brands i want .
i ordered 2 of these cases as gifts .
this tripod is suitable for a small digital camera .
do n't waste your time and money on it .
the quality of these headphones is pretty cheap .
i left reeking of construction worker and coconuts .
it is a good size , not too large .
post warranty everything has held up fine so far .
guess i am lucky that mine is older .
or a bag of bombs , take your pick .
i have alternated between oscillating and static modes .
it is sleek in appearance and easy to use .
the instructions are wrong in other places as well .
everthing from bread to meat loaf come out nice .
i see that the ultra is now $ 49 .
a great pot rack with a really great price .
post office was suspose to return it to amazon .
the landscape is changing in the gaming market .
it performs very well and is easy to clean .
outstanding build quality for such an inexpensive price .
this motorola charger also charges the phone quicker .
attractive iphone case that 's sure to get noticed .
all i really need is a new switch .
do n't have to use the over-ear piece anymore .
this is a much better way to make espresso .
that 's the tradeoff for the 12,000 mah capacity .
this balsamic comes in a plastic squeeze bottle .
the foam is not glued in this case .
a meeting my phone is in the bag charging .
but a vedante collar is significantly more expensive .
i bought one for me and my daughter .
my main complaint is with the front wheels .
i then use the mixer to make the meatballs .
the very first batch i made was vanilla .
i was super impressed with this at first .
that 's what this piece of junk is about .
as always , otterbox has a great quality case .
but the local shop still gave me the deal .
you simply can not do better for the price/features/size .
fits all my wide mouth glass jars perfectly .
i use it for grilling hot dogs and sausages .
this is a nice selection of wet flies .
seems to hold up well and is dishwasher safe .
shipping from this seller was fast ! ****4 stars**** .
god only knows what is really in here .
then it started getting problems once every 2 days .
the most important one being it 's not safe .
this makes cutting and re-slicing pizzas so much easier .
this item is nice to use with kitchenid .
they were a little too baggy in the butt .
the pre-seasoning was good out of the box .
i am so glad i bought this item .
this is one coffee press worth investing in .
we exchanged it for another exactly like it .
eventually i replaced it with a linksys wrt54gs .
do n't waste your money on this phony elixir .
these are another great example of quality all-clad products .
the case fits tight and stays locked on .
i suffered back pain after an car accident .
i tried this product out and hated it .
this is incredibly easy to remove and clean .
the inside was ok- but just like any other .
then came the task of putting them back together .
i regret not cooking with cast iron sooner .
one of the best smart phones out there .
the kinivo bth220 bluetooth headphone is an excellent product .
it is far too large and too expensive .
if it would just stay hot in the carafe .
this fan is compact and powerful but curiously noisy .
i believe it will last a long time .
so easy , even the kids can use it .
they are very smooth and are good quality .
it was a total waste of money for me .
found this one on amazon and reasonably priced .
my only issue was the plastic top cracked .
sitting above the elephant and hippo are tree branches .
the vf100 replacement filter will not fit the chv1408 .
they advised me to exchange them or return them .
this was designed by an idiot it seems .
thanks so much you guys for inventing this one .
this is still way to light for my skin .
they chose to release the dreamcast in late 1999 .
so far that has not gotten out of hand .
before i had a black and decker string trimmer .
we are serious cooks and take our coffee seriously .
if anyone has suggestions , please let me know .
i read some gels could replace eye cream .
my phone fits snugly and feels very well protected .
the only thing they stick well to is metal .
instead , they usually bounce out and roll away .
what i want to emphasize here is the packaging .
and it does protect the phone from scratches .
i opened that one up and it did charge .
we love it for when we make homemade bread .
i am very sorry that i bought it .
very nice and worth the extra few bucks .
the extra weight is a plus in my opinion .
i chose this due to its color and pricing .
although the jars were sealed , they had leaked .
but they still press hard against my head .
the box i was sent expires in two months .
this thermos is the best i ever had .
if i use regular soap , it works great .
this amco swing-a-way is fast and smooth to operate .
it is lighter and has even better suction .
if you want a real knife look elsewhere .
flashing to previous and newer firmware had no effect .
i never thought i would own a blackberry .
mine are aggressive chewers and shredded this bone .
this is some of the worst i have seen .
i might try to fashion something out of velcro .
i am an avid coffee drinker without a doubt .
overall it is a very nice case tho .
all of these other stages really seem over-simplistic .
and by that i mean in these three areas:1 .
this is a great bowl for food preparation .
accuracy is critical and they get some use .
i get lots of compliments on this one .
very comfortable in my ear and reasonably priced .
love that they come apart for a good cleaning .
i had an old bacon tray that broke .
i can save the metal 2-piece lids for canning .
we love our foodsaver and these bags work well .
one draw back is the plastic window part .
i could not use certain screen protectors with it .
you can assign different ringtones to different contacts .
the usb plugs into the base tightly also .
one or both will not hold a charge .
i 've owned 3 android phones and 3 iphones .
it looks like part of the phone when installed .
messy and cumbersome and popped open in oven .
vote with your dollar and make better choices .
i got a lot of attention from it .
i wanted this for a fairly heavy decorative hanging .
stay away from it and play better games .
these work pretty good for the iphone 4 .
now before you get all mad let me explain .
no problems with this and worked with many devices .
i measured the diameter 4.75 inches , not 4.3 .
they may prove useful for dips or sauces .
however putting them on is a bit hard .
this spray created my worst 2nd day hair ever .
upkeep is the cost of maintaining an army .
but - both straps broke after minimal use .
i regard all three in the same class .
the filters do n't even last a couple weeks .
consider buying a good storage container for left overs .
the cost of replacement is a total rip off .
so i we had to get another one .
this has great suction and does the job well .
i would definitely recommend this to a friend .
there was no html based information at all .
my leatherman has a more substantial saw blade .
the peices are heavy without being cumbersome and attractive .
the case makes my phone heavy and fairly large .
would be a great deal at twice the price .
it easily goes from my hardwoods to rugs .
the speaker that did work sounded pretty good though .
there is very little setup for the unit .
it takes all the guesswork out of roasting .
problem is , this jump does not reliably happen .
these things are extra sticky and last forever .
i used alton browns formula for coating pans .
great price and quick delivery from amazon as usual .
well end the end i ended up returning it .
i would n't recommend unless you like big cases .
this is my first knife of this type .
but this is one well-made set of espresso/latte maker .
i would concider getting another in a heartbeat .
however , i found the battery wore down quickly .
with the screen facing out and topside up .
highly recommended for anyone with a toddy maker .
the strap seemed too restrictive for my purposes .
i bought these for my daughter for christmas .
multiple angle dvds are very frustrating to use .
when you use it , take the brush off .
i will never buy a dockers product again .
i have enjoyed the use of the food processor .
our cats had zero reaction for this stuff .
this think cleans up in less than a minutes .
it was way too hot for me to finish .
this is the perfect size for his coffee .
therefore i bought this and it works much better .
i get many compliments about the pieces from friends .
i was just anxious to try it out .
charged my iphone 1 time and not again .
the price point is ok but not special .
the cost of a new hose is $ 115 .
in the house it was about 80 ft .
those who have used both usually have a preference .
the finish on it makes it easy to clean .
it has to have time to do the work .
com in general and will not be coming back .
the replacement arrived and died after only two uses .
have only broken one handle on this oxo model .
however , overall its a great and useful product .
they are perfect for the current cupcake fad .
i bought this case because it looked really cool .
a must have item for the italian cook .
that said , this machine does the job quickly .
this pot rack has a sturdy build to it .
i have these memorex cd-rw and sony cd-rw .
can be used anywhere there is an electric outlet .
my computer is new , so it was ok .
there was no reason for it to do this .
it is definitely appropriately priced for the design .
the inside of this stained black after one use .
the applicator was just not easy or comfortable .
i have purchased nylabones for the past 6 years .
i highly recommend this product for ease of use .
this was cheap enough to just try out .
i had to melt the damn thing off ! .
the wire is hidden and they adjust easily .
excellent item and is an official blackberry case .
while i was on vacation ( not cool ) .
as people have mentioned , dragon quest is stingy .
good thing i only pay $ 20 for this .
it may depend on the type you use .
also the charger did not work at all .
the shelf capacity of 40 pounds is good .
the battery itself replaced my old battery perfectly .
i highly recommend if you do have this phone .
i like both but neither actually grew my lashes .
they are also easy to clean and light .
right then and there i knew it was junk .
i returned these after two weeks of wear .
i really wanted to like this nail polish .
it only took once for me to realize that .
a simply amazing sound , with outstanding isolation capabilities .
significantly smaller than many other bluetooth headsets i own .
made me very itchy when i used it .
this is the only ice bucket we will need .
this thing will mess up your water coolant pump .
i just used this pan for the first time .
but they broke only after a couple months .
i am 5 months pregnant and got this pillow .
but i did not pick up one consistent channel .
the cutter does need some strength to push down .
the handles make them very comfortable to use too .
this soap seems to do nothing for me .
i will be going back to that one .
both of these are reminiscent of metal gear solid .
currently my hair does not feel any different .
we make homemade waffles about 4-5 times a week .
it 's micro-dosed even at a full 2 scoops .
it 's solid as a rock and weighs accordingly .
the removeable temperature control is a definite plus .
games can hold 1.8 gigs and are $ 45 .
beats paying the same amount for just one .
the vehicles have a new take on appearance .
this color looks nothing like the shared reviewers photos .
the star rating is no reflection on them whatsoever .
i am pleased with these shears in every way .
i received an amazon.com gift certificate for christmas .
i have bought other brands and loved them .
once it comes off , the pump is useless .
not fragile , go crazy pounding on any mixture .
also good for the open top empanada turkos .
i wish they still made things that way ! .
i was hesitant to buy the aluminum version .
just a bit messy but do the job .
no the canister does not easily tip over .
no cook should be without this essential item .
these are hard to find in local stores .
you may need to reinforce the back side .
i run it on low all the time .
i ordered this for my 5 year old .
i can not get past the main menus screen .
skip this game and get wii sports resort instead .
it bricked right around the six month mark .
the color is a perfect match to the picture .
other may have a great experience with this earpiece .
with a little care i think a long time .
never worked from straight out of the box .
worth paying a few extra bucks i would think .
cheaply made and stopped working after a couple weeks .
ordered a brand i had used before and liked .
etc.the rubber handles put these tongs over the top .
this is easily the worst game i own .
the lite has a slight bite and no flavor .
nothing brain teasing about the enemies or puzzles .
i bought this item to replace my ikea frother .
it is very worth the extra few dollars .
i did use it for a couple months .
this happened after about 5 years of use .
all the hype turn out to be true .
it is not and that is too bad .
the insert makes draining the pasta a snap.great quality .
these used to taste like baby ruth's..now are horrible .
this product is more of a crumbly cookie .
these pills are huge and difficult to swallow .
the 8900 fits in my hand just right .
hellens disaster after we read the product reviews .
but whatever it 's better than nothing i figured .
nearly impossible to beat thanks to the games mechanics .
not worth the effort to try and repair .
was as i expected and was great as usual .
but that aside they still wrap around pretty well .
this is my second set of this device .
this is exactly what i accomplished with the bladesafe .
it never comes apart unless you need it to .
otterbox is the best in defense for your phone .
was expecting a better experience with this product .
food looks like it came from a restaurant .
you have to mail in an order form .
i love all the oxo products i have purchased .
for the price , this is a good buy .
the latch is junk pressed metal of unknown composition .
unfortunately this particular product did not make the cut .
like there 's more stuff missing than in it .
the next step up is the gaggia mdf .
the original phone was less than 9 months old .
libby 's used to be a name i trust .
they are very sturdy and easy to clean .
i was smitten , the knife is simply perfect .
the buttons are the size of tick-tacs but smaller .
they feel very good in your hand and comfortable .
i like the way it fits on my stove .
you can do much better for a better price .
great fit and protects the screen very well .
only one piece and they keep the air out .
these rollers make rolling pasta as easy as possible .
my husband colored the cover with a black sharpie .
this is a horrible score to recieve from them .
i bought a liteone dvd recorder in november 2005 .
this brings up the only issue i have .
savor the taste because it only last 10 seconds .
it frustrated me let alone a young toddler .
they have eaten other wellness products with no problem .
i recommend getting the stand for them too .
purchased this hot plate for melting wax for candles .
this scoop is actually kind of fun to use .
i never have any complaints with my otterbox products .
if you buy this , you may be sorry .
the temptation is to overfill to make large amounts .
right out of the package this thing was dull .
you can do a search online to find them .
this device was just a waste of time .
i will continue to try this a little more .
however , that version is gone from the marketplace .
a very good product and it is sturdy too .
more times than i ever thought i would .
it had all kinds of craters in it .
the glass is not fragile , far from it .
headset is small and light no issues wearing .
i have a galaxy siii and it works great .
comes with carry case and multiple charging tips .
this bone does not belong in the extreme line .
my manual one quit so i kept on trying .
i purchased this product to safeguard might evo .
you now know why the reviews are so lopsided .
all they can do is add more blades .
this set seemed perfect until i received it .
they are holing up great after 5 months .
this worked very well , better than expected it .
use it for a table when you 're camping .
i bought one of these almost a year ago .
unfortunately ours only lasted a little over a year .
i will add some photos showing the problems .
even my sons yellow lab would not eat them .
so much for their past seal of quality .
i purchased it at a great price too .
it looks like i bought it from apple .
those who have used both usually have a preference .
again my two tank thermomenters both read 78 degrees .
would like the opportunity to buy more hooks separately .
this is necessary to turn the food mid way .
you can actually use this for 12 hours .
stainless steel also means dishwasher safe and no rusting .
this tool was just what i was looking for .
i use mine daily and its nice and light .
hard to clean as oilnaturally would be from plastic .
this things leak and do n't fit my thumbs .
it will not charge my samsung galaxy tablet though .
they are not true to size what so ever .
i then realized the notch on the bottom .
i got an 8830 and it actually works .
once it was cleaned it felt fine though .
it came today and i 'm returning it tomorrow .
cut really well and are very easy to clean .
my bf needed for how work cell phone .
it was actually more tolerable than the glycolic acid .
cheap material , but it is doing the job .
i guess it only had a 6 month warranty .
farberware 18/10 stainless steel cookware is a good line .
not enough support so i never use it .
comes with micro-usb charger , but 5.0v 180ma only .
not the worlds best but it does the job .
everyone should have this in her/his kitchen arsenal .
perpare to spend tons of time leveling up .
i am so glad that i found these .
but got paid with in 2 business days .
fantastic buy and now i have spares as well .
i 've purchased dozens of grinders in the past .
i lost this scoop after loaning it out .
i would n't hesitate to get this case again .
works perfectly for burgers and other grilled meats .
i havent used much of it at all .
received the package ontime and packaged very well .
note : make sureyou get hooks into a stud .
i ordered this product which came in pieces .
so mad i wasted my money on this .
as usual , the all clad pan is well-constructed .
simply turn the shelves over every few months .
it cancels out the background noise really well .
far quieter than any blade grinder i 've used .
the problem is that the sauce is terribly sweet .
do not believe what you read about this product .
the plug fits into my car nice and tight .
they referred me to the national krups office .
i have used this fry pan for many mnonths .
there is a reason this thing is 300 bucks .
you will still get un-removable bubbling at the sides .
i was not happy with the results at all .
the 3g data speeds are n't too shabby either .
i love pea soup but there is no taste .
this is the second plantronics headset i 've owned .
we ended up getting 3 of these for xmas .
i have a evo spint phone was no good .
i made the purchase a number of months ago .
as an adjunct i love kona blend beans.michael .
they are very comfortable in feel and fit .
i am back to perfectly poached eggs every time .
now it just takes up space under my sink .
will never buy again even if only 5 bucks .
big mistake.seems like a 1 star product to me .
the bra is lovely looking to begin with .
i have more cabinet space and that 's plus .
it wo n't affect the performance of the cookware .
motorola has a winner in this new model .
i will try to be as unsubjective as possible .
i have dropped twice before inadvertantly and never cracked .
first let me start with the single player .
it comes out of the dishwasher like new .
scoop if i have to order one again .
the next size up would be too big .
the itchiness seems to be in the seams .
it comes with a couple screws and drywall anchors .
this is definitely a must have kitchen tool ! .
we pulled this turkey instantly and sent it back .
it really is made to support the neck beautifully .
i was amazed at the quality of their products .
it squeeks when you hand write with it .
yeowww products appear to have declined in quality .
this was late afternoon - around 5 p.m .
the slide out crumb tray is a huge plus .
we 've had it for a couple of weeks .
these glasses are very simple and nice looking .
one of the worst star wars games ever made .
i was also tired of cleaning both machines .
he was given iv fluids because he became dehydrated .
that would be the only change i would make .
so i ordered this style in the same size .
it is just the right size and thickness .
this vacuum is much better than i expected .
this product was cheap and speck is amazing .
the last package i bought from amazon were terrible .
i paid a lot of money to discover this .
i purchased this for a 50 lb pit bull .
the suction cup is really easy and high quality .
merry xmas and happy new year to all .
the handle is too fat for my liking .
i will revise this review if it comes up .
the 3 year old has also stopped using it .
this time around i was disappointed with this product .
3 options seemed at top of the pack .
he took it off in less than a week .
it 's like wiping your monitor off with wd40 .
these loaf pans work great for baking my bread .
there is absolutely no change with my fine lines .
handle is no longer contoured and is very wobbly .
you can get this thing any way you want .
it does , and makes great coffee to boot .
i have to remove to get into the case .
i debated on whether to get a 4 qt .
buyers should know that the bacon does come out .
it takes tooo long for the temperature to read .
i am not missing incoming calls any more .
the jabra extreme2 is ok , but not outstanding .
i purchased a hoya cir-pl filter on amazon .
this protector replaced the splash protector on my droid .
i tend to carry it more than wear it .
its easy to clean too which is a plus .
it went back to amazon for a full refund .
if anyone has some suggestions please let me know .
the quality of this set has gone downhill imo .
works great and from a very reliable brand .
read all the other one-star reviews and believe them .
i ordered this to use in my 2010 jetta .
my husband and i are huge fans of ginger .
its nice to have a compact and portable charger .
i can see this pot growing in uses overtime .
another 20 minutes playing the same thing again .
it 's pretty easy to take on and off .
i should have listened to all the other reviews .
i guess you get what you pay for .
keeps microwave from getting all spattered and messy .
that alone makes it worthwhile to carry around .
it does n't make opening jars easier at all .
this slow cooker has not let me down .
i will be buying sheets in different sizes .
for normal phone tasks , the boxwave works great .
the first time it was as black as night .
i decided to buy one for my condo .
this is easily the best pan i own .
get an aftermarket that costs much much less .
quality control for this company is very poor .
the battery has held up well for me .
this leather case looks great on an iphone .
i bought two just so i have a spare .
it is a too small and too tight bonnet .
lid is a good fit and rests with gravity .
i will see how the battery goes.very impressive .
but what would you expect at this price point .
this mount works well with just about any phone .
i came home to diarrhea all over my home .
it only toasts the upperhalf of the bread now .
the rounds in busido blade 2 last seconds .
they are just like any other brand you chose .
i thought it might be a good long-term investment .
the video cable only put out black and white .
6 hrs of talk time and days of standby .
also , grates parmesan too finely for my taste .
although it could be the texture of the food .
a company who usually has good quality items .
search the seagate community forum on this one .
lets say you build it in the tide .
i tried it out but decided to return it .
the case arrived quickly and serves it purpose .
but other than that , this machine is a .
i tested the charging speed with my iphone 4s .
it 's of great quality and pricing was excellent .
i got a horrible reaction to this cream .
serves as a spare cable for my pad .
it rips through pop cans with .23 bbs .
none of my three batches had burnt bottoms .
will be returning the card sleeve in the morning .
the shape of the grains makes all the difference .
very easy to scratch yourself on or snag clothing .
they nest together and snap onto the retaining ring .
these are way over priced compared to that .
it works as expected and very reasonably priced .
all true and it 's a joy to use .
i love this design and the ease of use .
it is hard to get this one wrong .
the smell is horrible , like stinky old tobacco .
requested return and sending back for refund now .
the previous models lasted from five to seven years .
i was looking for a specifically american kettle .
i happened to ask where this set was made .
i 've always been a big fan of norelco .
i purchased eight 4 piece place settings in cobalt .
it got shook around and just kept coming apart .
this is the only grinder you will need .
i did n't like these screen protectors at all .
the reception with the antenna was just not there .
this electric sharpener nearly ruined my good knives .
tiny form factor with choice of ear buds/loops .
use recycled lids from store-bought mayo or salad dressing .
all they do is stand around and do nothing .
the packaging was good and it arrived when promised .
for such an expensive perfume , i expected more .
i will continue to purchase this item on line .
i 'm humiliated and will not be ordering again .
use a toaster toaster instead of a toaster oven .
this is the card used in a laptop configuation .
this seems to somewhat work on some dogs .
the cones are quick change , and quick wash .
it also re-heats left over pizza very well .
filling my old iron with water was a pain .
i bought two of these for my two cats .
it 's too dark and leaves a gross mess .
they really need to make a larger set though .
this is a total waste of money imho .
i hand wash mine and its holding up fine .
had to pull the battery and do a re-set .
i guess it 's not made for small figure .
all your work will pretty much go to waste .
my hands were much more stained than the bag .
by the way , i also found the 5qt .
this pair broke in less than a year .
the opener is just what we needed here .
with any shield you will get finger smudges .
i made peppercorn pork medallions and they were beautiful .
great for the price and fit like a glove .
the price ca n't be beat at 89 cents .
i am now purchasing another brand to replace it .
shiny black surfaces for electronics is just plain dumb .
do yourself a favor and buy this product .
i followed the instructions carefully and took my time .
these mitts are poorly constructed from flammable material .
my poor rating is due to the price .
good color to hide under white shirts , etc .
its not a super fast juicer but works great .
i thought this might be an inexpensive wen alternative .
this was a ridiculous concept for a dog toy .
it worked well , but the metal eventually corroded .
i used to have a holmes blizzard stand fan .
i use it to carry treats and poop bags .
i bought 2 bags to give it a test .
so i thought i 'd try a garlic press .
hard to get it off when not being dropped .
my mixer is just under a year old .
i like the shape and look of this grinder .
bake time depends on the dough and your oven .
works in many cases and is very sharp .
some of the error screens have grammatical errors .
you can definitely tell i am wearing makeup .
i use my phone pretty much all day long .
this is a basic , simple drip coffee maker .
you will be disgusted by what you see .
i will post any updates if something changes .
i am black but its a little rough .
this is really the perfect alternative to a shop .
there are no buttons or switches of any type .
it opened cans for only a couple of months .
but , these battles are slow and extremely boring .
might as well throw some stevia in there .
he hunted up a pack of replacement fuses .
i should have looked at them more closely .
this has been a very good carpet cleaner .
it pops into the corn and flavors it nicely .
this case looks great and has been pretty durable .
the case fit okay but not attractive at all .
kong should not be allowed to sell such garbage .
its simple to take off and put back on .
this will more than top off your phones battery .
you can take it to travel the world.cons1 .
i wanted to be sure it would hold out .
it also came with a convenient ss steamer .
alot of ideas were adopted from gta also .
the qualities are good especially with the low price .
the clip is n't the best but it works .
and he did enjoy it himself just fine .
a lot more high quality apps are now available .
my two cats had this destroyed the first day .
i just wish it had a better pour spout .
i only wish it was thicker and somewhat heavier .
it is basically what your bottled drinks come in .
i bought this based on the positive reviews .
i bought two farberware frypans and love them both .
it is identical to the canon labeled product .
this is perfect to play music from your ipod .
i 've been making do with a paring knife .
pairs with your mobile phone in a flash .
i am what the world calls a foodie .
if you need gasket seals , order this item .
i was really happy the shoes fit perfectly .
also , the enemies are recycled over and over .
i thought this was a really good switch .
its large and well made and does the job .
the case came new like it said it would .
this cat toy is advertised as 11 inches long .
during the install the installer hung loading the drivers .
handles heavy work such as cutting up raw chickens .
the new one also seems to finish grinding faster .
to click together but seems to be holding well .
after i cleaned it up it was okay .
it really keeps everything fresh and in plain site .
battery lasts a couple of weeks without recharging .
i bought these to protect the phone screen .
we use for the fish that we catch .
this is the cleanest humdiifier i have ever owned .
we all have apple earbuds lying around somewhere .
this was advertised as a rubber watch band .
simply rinse with water and place in the freezer .
get this if you only need very light use .
i 'm older and have trouble with my hands .
it was the right one for my phone .
i live in a strange area for recption .
the quality of the screen protector is poor .
take it out of the oven and enjoy .
i hate to reheat anything in the microwave .
these bandaids are cheaply made and very strange .
i bought this as an alternative to my neutragena .
we have had a farberware percolator for many years .
he loves them and says they are great .
you are getting speeds litter better than usb 1.1 .
i absolutely love this case for my iphone 4 .
you can fool me once with something like this.so .
i found thisand thought it was a great value .
it fit my phone and it works perfectly now .
works exactly as advertised- easy to use and cheap .
its a neck lanyard which is pretty standard .
it went in the trash on return home .
nice knife , extremely sharp out of the box .
i thought it was a deal and bought two .
unfortunately the 3960 is a terrible dvd player .
highly recommend if ur into all that baking .
luigi bormioli is the libbey glass of italy .
oh well you get what you pay for .
you can use whatever tea you like to use .
seems like a waste of money to me .
the resulting brew is very clean and very smooth .
same quality i have found in other canning kits .
i am very happy to have purchased this cable .
this mophie never worked right form the start .
i have had this bundt pan since may 2012 .
great in theory but these do not work ! .
i must say , i really loved this phone .
i bought this blender for our new home .
kind of an end-of-the-world kind of bad idea .
for starters , the coffee it makes is delicious .
this thing really did not work for my dog .
now it is horrible tasting spirulina from india .
the review thingy says i need nine more words .
i will update this review if that does happen .
now i am stuck with a piece of trash .
you generally ca n't go wrong with oxo products .
i 'm not sure what is baked about this .
maybe this is a okay set for you .
if you move in just the right way .
the new one is taller than she is .
but i try to keep it right side up .
i wanted to get away from a plastic baster .
imho this is slightly better than the moto h700 .
when activated it beeps in your ear once .
i see many people complained about the same .
this is the best food processor you can buy .
i would prefer a vertical holster that swivels .
it is a lovely scarlet red and quite heavy .
the buttons on the console itself are few .
this has a permanent place on our stove top .
eventually it gets too gross to keep using .
just pop it in fill with coffee and brew .
i do not intend to buy another one .
they just cut into my legs so hard .
pleased to say the parts are obviously superior quality .
perfect for hanging all those cool utensils i have .
i love this screen protector for my iphone .
the design is kind of cheap looking too .
i have used my wgr614v3 for 10 months now .
it still works well after several years of use .
it has two belt loops and a belt clip .
i think he will wear the costume without it .
did not like this hair milk at all .
i 've decided not to buy reeboks ever again .
they used to make really good hand warps .
the three channel heli teaches you some bad habits .
first let me say i 'm not a doctor .
better look for a better product than this .
they were sewn inside a piece of white fabric .
nice feel to fabric , and had high hopes .
highly recommend especially if you 've never had one .
this pan i have had for one year .
item was shipped quickly and arrived as described .
good case and good value , protects very well .
i 'm just not sure what to do now .
the load times for this game are outrageous .
the unit is well built and hi-tech looking .
at these prices i wo n't risk it again .
i like the round shape of the brita classic .
how annoying.i will never buy another simpletech product again .
i have had it for two weeks now .
and we have three other wusthof grand prix knives .
does n't even dull the shine on varnished wood .
buy the otterbox.otterbox motorola droid 2 commuter series case .
my next test was to chop my salsa .
worked very well with my food saver vacuum sealer .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
overall a 5-star product that is well-worth the money .
for the price though you ca n't beat it .
a lot of vinegar but far less than franks .
i thought i had entered into cat litter perfection .
frankly i never had a issue with it .
i was very worried about metal in the food .
so avoid touching your eyes at all costs.too bad .
this problem seems to be an annoying design oversight .
this 6ft cord was exactly what i needed .
it looks like 1970 's sea foam green refrigerators .
would not recommend , they shipped a different charger .
instead i got a single link dvi-d cable .
i would have to sharpen after every use .
third shelf is a lodge 10 inch skillet .
this is a decent case at a good price .
my original battery wasnt holding a charge anymore .
if i could give it 2.5 stars i would .
this stuff is like eating little chunks of wood .
i have done the minutes several different ways .
typically blending takes seconds to a minute at most .
i guess my dog simply has a sensitive stomach .
the interface is a bit confusing at the beginning .
not sure how it 's supposed to protect anything .
that is a great improvement over original range .
this case is the best one for the iphone .
i was so disappointed when the shirt arrived .
i like the rubber stabilizers on the outside .
i wanted something that was light weight and maneuverable .
if you like fighting games , get tekken games .
this is a great addition to your kitchen .
i started to get dizzy and extremely tired .
pet would not have anything to do with these .
the only problem i had was with the volume .
the gf loves this one for her iphone 4s .
but i will never buy gold toe socks again .
this was a total waste of my money .
i ca n't say the same for this one .
making ravioli 's is a breeze with this pin .
i do n't think i will purchase this again .
i purchased this for my 88 year old aunt .
you play as a cop in this game .
i love a good strong cup of coffee .
then you skip a level and this happens again .
you imagine the joy of mixing the packets .
i just got these and i like them .
these are by far better and less messy .
i do n't know where that came from either .
work well on the carpet in the car .
it is irresponsible to produce products like this .
the rear locking pin would not fit at all .
there is no movement at all during normal use .
on the hunt for a more reliable replacement ! .
i am glad i made the right decision .
the fm radio picks up stations so clearly .
it just sounds too good to be true .
you will probably fight 20 bosses in the game .
this product is great value for the price .
i am highly alergic to dust and pet dander .
the caplet version of this supplement is better .
amazon tried to fight it and lost the battle .
i have no complaints about it at all .
your mixing cup is also your drinking cup .
it causes memory dumps that corrupts running programs .
i have had this pot since sept 2010 .
the quality i received is not like the picture .
i 've tried plugging many cords into antenna jack .
i would recommend this model honeywell product without hesitation .
this seems to help him navigate his ipad .
they are so damn tight that they hurt .
and i beat them all might i add .
this brita water filter picture came very well packed .
works fine to charge my 4s or pad 2 .
she also really likes the color and function .
i guess that 's the risk of ordering online .
they are cute but should be a freebie .
very cute and colors are as bright as shown .
so i decided to give it a try .
i guess you get what you pay for .
bought this because i have flakes on my shirts .
it is easy to handle and manipulate.very responsible seller .
these levers look great and seem very high quality .
it gives you very little room for creativity .
he makes all kinds of things with it .
title says it all.i bought two of these .
things last longer and they look really cute .
moreover , single player is no fun at all .
i added a multi-vitamin to day.then came the holidays .
i have two big complaints about this pump .
i also like that i can reuse the container .
i use a grind halfway between drip and espresso .
use the cooker at least once a week .
must have something in it i am allergic to .
i 'm going to try glominerals liquid foundation next .
it also works with my mid 2010 macbook pro .
they are still sitting on the shelf unused .
the products still work fine and it was affordable .
the second order i placed i ordered 2 lbs .
not bad at all.the problem is the taste .
i have only used a single pressure cooker .
but a little pricey if you ask me .
save up the cash and see a professional .
i already had just about every tri-ply piece available .
for some reason i trusted it while deer hunting .
what a pain to have to write this .
this item should never be used by children .
they also give you adhesives to clear away lint .
it washes up very nicely in the dishwasher .
cleaning the pan after use is also easier .
did not open and decided to return them .
i was surprised at how poorly it held up .
i 've had my zoji for over 6 years .
the same taste permeated the exchanged strawberry bars too .
both rub my dog raw and cause bleeding .
the wilton lifter is excellent for eight inch cakes .
this is easily one of my favorite appliances .
quality and design leave a lot to be desired .
can be a little loud on the higher settings .
i am more than satisfied with this product .
hooked up the pressure switch and got nothing .
even the 3rd time washing everything turned blue .
my guess is that these are the standard size .
well i guess it depends on the person .
that earns a 4 star rating from me .
no matter the can , the size the weight .
this little mini chopper is great for smaller jobs .
the main problem is that the camera is jerky .
the same is true with the wool ankle part .
product fits well on my arm w/o irritation .
go to fye cause these are just no .
use it the first time to grill some steak .
it sounds way more fun than it actually is .
this case is a good medium level protection case .
i would describe it as a purple/brown/grey color .
if your dog is like ours , stay away .
it is not for what it is advertised .
his only complaint is that we still have mosquitoes .
i do not recall how the tab broke off .
fit my brita filter perfectly and work well .
you do have to assemble the blades correctly .
i have n't heard how she did with them .
i bought this collar for my lab/rot mix .
overall this is a great little waffle maker .
should have bought it in the first place .
definitely would recommend if you like your privacy .
my very first bluetooth headset was the jabra bt-200 .
i think this is a feel good product .
i love my iphone and use it constantly .
also , their 48 is more like a 46 .
it makes me long for the old-school shinobi .
anyway , the game was decent when it worked .
mine will stay up indefinitely using this method .
everything worked out fine and it charges the battery .
i even did a side by side test .
it is probably more suited for 50 or 75ft .
it also adds significant bulk to the phone .
i hang all sorts of clothes on it .
it is rich in flavor and the real thing .
it does exactly what i expected it to .
the dishwasher is a staple in my everyday life .
i am a big fan of this one .
you should get it if you need one .
it is pretty much like an ipod cradle .
the knives have been hand-washed immediately after use .
short compared to other belts of same size .
i normally wear a size l or xl .
this results in him smashing into the walls .
quality and style were fine but fit was not .
the package does n't even mention potential side effects .
keeps their beverage ice cold for quite awhile .
but this product was a waste to me .
i did not find this to be the case .
it gets dirty quick with finger prints and all .
no way this should be called apple pie .
i love how simply it connects to phone .
3 of the locking clip has been broke .
i tried to like it , but i failed .
also it fits my iphone 4 very loosely .
i had great range and it was reliable .
i purchased the backbeats originally for running and exercise .
it is super easy to use and maintain .
i use it on my desk at work .
i am a great cheerleader for the os .
i returned as soon as i opened box .
these batteries are just so dang hard to find .
one of the purposes i bought the phone .
i decided to buy this and try it myself .
we use 8 , will be buying another 4-8 .
i lasts about a week before needing a recharge .
the mike picks up just what it needs to .
it works great and was a reasonable price .
the company claims this product does many things .
each of them worked fine and still work .
far more than i expected for a plug in .
my grandfather always had one and taught me how .
a mouse or trackball is perfect for that .
anyways , i like to stay away from pantene .
which ads to the confusing nature of it .
to be honest , i was glad it did .
buy two if you want to cook for families .
is it more convenient than a blender ? absolutely .
he would only eat a little and walk away .
unhappy with it , actually i already replaced them .
just save your money and get some altamas .
i cook bulgogi as well as shabu shabu .
if you get a big pizza , forget it .
protects well and looks good on any white iphone .
a simple direct control dial would be easier .
they should have made these with more ginger .
too bad it has gone up so much .
the unit is light weight yet seems durable .
and the free bunt insert is neat as well .
unfortunately the manufacturing info on this item is inaccurate .
it works exactly as i expected it to .
this battery case is a good battery life extender .
this cover was just what i was looking for .
i thought that otterboxes were supposed to be durable .
i always liked the shape of the samsung cord .
also note that flexogen is a patented hose .
not the tiny halloween sized one but small .
i love the different ways you can wear it .
little knights and their ladies will love it .
basically a good game with a mundane story .
hot fresh noodles made at my office desk .
still way better ergonomics than a cellphone though .
it is after market but hey it works .
the microusb adapter wo n't fit into the port .
my maltese breaks he squeaker within 5 minutes .
i would prefer that the brushes came off .
amazingly powerful speakerphone in such a small package .
this screen protector is n't even worth 3 bucks .
i added this to my collection of ac products .
phone call quality is excellent for both parties .
i think i paid 50 cents for this .
they are a bit hard and very chewy .
i doubt it was even pure jojoba oil .
it keeps coffee warm and drinkable for hours .
it is a quality product and fits/apply 's well .
i am wondering if i got a bad batch .
i no longer have to buy prepackaged popcorn .
i 'm sticking with a folding saw and hatchet .
the reviews were good , so i ordered it .
they are very fragile and easy to disconnect .
we took the chance and ordered them online .
fits in the hand so comfortably and works great .
they go on easily and remove just as easily .
i love this black and decker cup chopper .
they are cute and i love the color .
i think i hurt my skin after using this .
for t-mobile you need 1700 mhz for wcdma 3g .
this fits into my old oster hand mixer .
we love it and our kitchen looks perfect now .
the steak knives fit perfectly in the allotted slots .
i 've tried several different brands from the store .
they clean up in the dishwasher easily too .
i would n't even sell this used to anyone .
battery is full so that 's not an issue .
but thats the only good part about this product .
it sounds great but it wont stay charged .
it has my chopping so much easier for me .
for the price you can not expect high quality .
nevertheless , i still give the machine 5 stars .
i would definitely not recommend using this product .
some babies get scared just looking at the penguin .
no communication between the remote control and the heli .
removed and threw in the trash w/i 20 minutes .
i also am admittedly hard on my cookware .
i guess you get what you pay for .
also , this stuff is gluten free as well .
i can only recommend zagg at this point .
this mirror has a second rate expanding clamp .
i probably could return it for a new one .
in the first instance the cds themselves were fine .
these are an essential item to any kitchen .
regardless , this tea is really not very good .
i use exactly one pitcher-full of water a day .
very easy to put on and take off .
and for the price you really ca n't lose .
for my use it does a good job .
the price is a bargain given all the advantages .
children and infants can die from its usage .
after i bought this screen protector and received it .
spacer pads are included if you need them .
i always enjoyed playing mousetrap as a kid .
i wanted one and i now have it .
that flaw alone negates the reason i bought this .
they are a addition to any tea time ! .
the blade turned , chopping beautifully at blade level .
on semi-shag carpeting it slowed as would be expected .
the lights started flashing and it got hot .
i have been through several bags of these .
the price is not available yet to comment upon .
i highly recommend plugging it in before you sleep .
i needed a new kvm + usb hub .
this thing is huge ! and very very heavy .
i love my new samsung focus cell phone .
these create lines and makes your makeup uneven .
but i love to use it for making sauces .
the seller is excellent and shipped my purchase fast .
this book emphasizes very sweet dessert pops , however .
and it does at a pretty fast rate .
i had really high hopes for this product .
bought two and am delighted with the overall design .
so just wanted to up date my last review .
the unit holds a charge for a long time .
but i do not recommend a wireless computer .
this game is essentially an expensive drink coaster .
also , it is a fairly heavy little thing .
the sleeves went to the end of thumb .
i would recommend these items to one and all .
his phone is now working as good as new .
it did ! and it worked on christmas morning .
it works great for what i bought it for .
large cans may take a second longer to position .
i plan to have them around for many years .
i only wish the handle was a bit bigger .
although these seem to shoot much betterthan plastic bolts .
the guy there was of so much help .
they are just like any other plain old lotion .
would have been nice to have a brighter contrast .
then the one with a bat on the label .
true the largest size does not hold 5 lbs .
the anise adds a bitterness that is not pleasant .
they replaced the unit in time for christmas .
this is a simple phone with a good signal .
my bread will last maybe 3-4 days in there .
everything worked for 5 seconds , then died down .
mind you , this is not a vacuum pot .
a very cheap and annoying ploy by nintendo .
you have to be very gentle with this thing .
use this every morning now for my coffee .
and yes another piece broke/crumbled off shortly after .
i will honestly just pay more next time .
it finally started charging intermittently so it needed replaced .
as advertised , it keeps liquids hot for hours .
i have recommended them to everyone i know ! .
i recommend this set only for those cars .
i sometimes wonder what people honestly expect from products .
and the price is too much for the size .
no matter what i did , the problem continued .
i strongly suggest you dont buy any htc phone .
wish i would have gone with another brand .
the adaptor works perfectly with akoolatron kool wheelerportable chest .
so i was hesitant to try the sims 2 .
simply the best screen protectors for the price .
it is a 5v adaptor with a non-standard connector .
unfortunately for more money i got a worse fit .
i now have straps for all my usb drives .
this is a terrible line- all of these figures .
it does n't deliver 2 amps to each port .
was working fine for a little over a month .
i was so looking forward to receiving this wallet .
it fits perfectly and works like it should .
with the rotating glass , it is too loose .
this is the 2nd one i have purchased .
i really wanted this serum to work for me .
after a while of play my ears would hurt .
made cheese fondue exactly according to the recipe booklet .
glad i was able to cach the amazon deal .
i have two knees with stage 1 arthiritis .
they dug into my arm pits a bit .
i found better ones at petsmart with pull tabs .
how long i was in my previous thinking .
learn to read ingredient labels before you buy .
i have n't tried it on lettuce leaf yet .
the shampoo does intend to dry your hair .
the instructions also indicate you can mount vertically/sideways .
i should have waited for an update or two .
the price was right especially considering calphalon 's reputation .
unfortunately it only deals with 4 letter words .
nothing worked exactly as it was supposed to .
glade i purchased and would recommend it to anyone .
it makes all the difference in the world .
and i could hear them quite well too .
they are a nice weight but not too heavy .
this case looks great and feels good too .
11 mg of iron daily and not 15 mg .
but it was also very warm to the touch .
bad things - you ca n't use your case .
i put a large milk bone in it .
this does just as it says it will .
i only have it hooked up to 2 computers .
there are some things that you need to know:1 .
we had the carpet professionally cleaned prior to moving .
all i can see is money in my dustpan .
it seems that maybe kittens would like this .
turning the machine while it 's operating is difficult .
the first card i bought was the d-link dfe-530tx+ .
but , so does my hair and my shampoo .
found this great deal online and bought it .
so this is a backup for my lovely cook .
just push forward on the pad and fight .
they work with me , instead of against me .
i bought this collection for galaga '88 alone .
the phone is otherwise identical to its silver twin .
it would also rattle unless you kept it clamped .
i had to throw out the screen protector .
this is a great product and performs as advertised .
such a great little tool for the kitchen .
never take this phone anywhere without a charger .
they supplied me with a small tube of carbon .
all the pieces seem sturdy and well made .
i had my boyfriend try it on him first .
plugged it in near the kitchen for testing .
cleanup is easy if you do it right away .
when the bottom peels it traps debris under it .
i ca n't wait to add to my collection .
with some design improvements they could be good .
this toaster at least seems to satisfy most conditions .
ca n't say enough good things about this board .
perfect fit and now blender is like new .
i have recently been considering getting myself a psp .
wish hoover would figure this out and fix it .
the computer controls too many aspects of your team .
measurement compared to one to one taken manually .
but it came and look exactly like the picture .
i purchased this because of all the good reviews .
i highly recommend - great value for the money .
now i know why it was so cheap .
its beautiful and colorful and grand daughter loved it .
i bought this sony remote in july 2003 .
all 3 screens were used and did n't work .
i 'm better off eating beef jerky and steak .
i was looking forward to getting this bra .
my kids like all of the flavors but chocolate .
as you would expect , this is extremely sharp .
its very cheesey and theres no magic involved .
my $ 99.00 bsa 9x16x40 blows this junk away .
the air purifier works in our basement apartment great .
seuss matching over the disney game every time .
i never need to use a blow dryer .
machine stays put -- even with heavy kneading .
so i laid out another $ 15 or so .
ok so maybe it only takes 5 minutes .
it is a great phone protector as well .
i also purchased the 1 quart serving bowl .
it stopped working after 2 weeks , very frustrating .
she could n't care less about the static shock .
i was impressed with this little red guy .
i really just want to beat stuff up .
i was starting to wonder about my purchase .
this thermos is great and keeps the beverage hot .
this is perfect for homemade stock and fat-free cooking .
the case is easy to put on and remove .
i ordered a medium and this thing is huge .
hamburgers , sausages and other red meats do well .
my wood floors looks and feels really clean .
you can scrub stains with a brush or rag .
purchased as a christmas gift for my daughter .
this k cup is not one of my favorites .
thankfully , you can find those in other reviews .
feed the pieces of cheese through the mixer .
i see that as an even better trade off .
they are wonderful , and everyone should have some .
very highly recommended to protect your smartphone from drops .
a big thumbs down to their false advertising .
really good experience and very happy with the purchase .
i am using the recommended amount of coffee .
i ordered this network router for my home office .
this puzzle is such a great concept and challenging .
i would not recommend this product at any price .
when i got home , it was completely shot .
i have three of these otterbox defender series cases .
the cookware has yet to disappoint.this cookware heats evenly .
also keeps nosy people fromseeing what youre seeing .
i guess you get what you paid for .
pos would not stay on cell kep popping off .
i would have rated it minus 5 stars .
each batch is different and requires your discretion .
over all i am very pleased with it .
well made and easy to use with many uses .
everyone fights together as a team in a team .
i thought for sure this would be the same .
i bought this product for my sons ' phone .
if you are vegetarian this is for you ! .
if i could give it 0.1 star i would .
i also purchased the 2 quart serving bowl .
i used to buy these all the time .
it was the wrong sim card for the phone .
the side panels only have so much give .
i bought this for my son for christmas .
we 've owned this sharpener for over 6 years .
i bought this to use for a one-cup dripper .
wide opening for fist fulls of trail mix .
this toothpaste is gooey and oozes out the tube .
i 'll look at the description better next time .
this case is perfect for protecting the mytouch .
had high hopes for this based on the reviews .
i repeat , this is not a media phone .
you may like it because of your bias.2 .
none of their stuff is built to last .
they are still usable , they are just fragile .
i purchased this for my samsung galaxy siii .
the damage to the product was my fault .
the complication is the heft of the phone .
way too many bugs : the game crashes often .
i plan on ordering a set for a frirnd .
thinking about trying out the platinum tools crimpers next .
mice are a fact of life on a farm .
i suppose you get what you pay for .
i do n't understand all of the rave reviews .
not huge dishes but worked well in our camper .
they have become very helpful in my kitchen .
and my daughter has one for her small apartment .
i would definitely recommend this to friends , heck .
the depth of the skillet was just fine .
bet you very little , or close to none .
this thing is garbage and broke really fast .
i am getting a roller attachment for my mixer .
the iphone 4 was never a 4g capable phone .
the shampooer pooped out after about 8 years .
quality seems to be in line with the price .
there are large balance issues between the classes .
even with a full battery the image fades .
so i do n't think weight is a factor .
the single greatest useful feature is the battery life .
i find that to be the same for me .
the stainles version is the only way to go .
this product does the job and is quite cheap .
however , the dog required medical attention and antibiotics .
i tried this shampoo , i have 4a/b hair .
hopefully this will keep my phone charged when commuting .
they do the job they were meant for .
i thought i had found the ideal solution .
nicer looking overall and display is easier to read .
wash carefully so you do n't ruin other things .
we bought this from amazon few weeks back .
i have a ford fusion and honda accord .
he wa sthrilled to see it ynder the tree .
it will all be returned as soon as possible .
grrrrrrrrrr , wish i would get my money back .
it doesnt sit up high enought for me .
we use the gold filter and love it .
oh well.i really wish i could return this .
i do not believe this reacher will last .
2nd made meat loaf with my own spices etc .
the battery did not fit my my touch 4g .
my normal cookie jar with a rubber seal .
any good to say - color is ok .
i ended up using it to connect a printer .
i would not recommend this toy to anyone .
i use it often and highly recommend it .
after changing all batteries , we realized it quit .
these are only 5 billion which is nothing .
i have the silicone handle which helps prevent burns .
now two weeks later it makes a constant hum .
it will add extra features to the device .
honestly i do n't know how to rate these .
the bra and panties matches are so stupid .
especially for the big savings over a new one .
you basically hold a and flick your wrist .
it also can make crispy or soft waffles .
the crust is perfectly crisp and toppings evenly browned .
i 've owned mine for over 4 years now .
now the case sits in my desk drawer .
the chicken came out beautifully cooked , perfectly browned .
i really prefer the matte finish on my phone .
the results are consistent from batch to batch .
i was in need of some small saucepans .
these are great for added space in the dehydrator .
am coming back to buy more for christmas gifts .
like they are silver and someone just polished it .
the lids on these are not microwavable safe .
other competitor 's products are superior in this areas .
i 've been telling friends about my new/old discovery .
we simply wipe it out with a paper towel .
judgment : a novelty item without much practical use .
it took nearly two weeks before i received it .
the ending of _revelation_ is way more satisfying .
probably the same stuff they used to assemble it .
have 2 of these phones and needed new batteries .
i saw this on amazon and purchased it .
heck i have cut myself cleaning the darn thing .
it is larger than many on the market .
no charge was held by any of the batteries .
puffin cereals used to be one of my favorites .
the incase and others are 2-3 times more expensive .
i have never had one of these bust out .
this was a real bear to set up .
which is why i bought the soda siphon .
i was very skeptical about this cell phone booster .
i did not like this tea at all .
has reduced my dread of frying bacon considerably .
it is designed to stay on the stove .
a lot of trouble for very little result .
i really must stress how bad the graphics are .
i purchased and assembled two pairs of these stands .
they were not even curious to try them out .
chemex is just an all around fun coffee experience .
you can read the measurments at any angle .
has a good design , and functions as desired .
i was told they 'd get back to me .
it is awkward putting the iphone in and out .
this game was simply a waste of potential .
highly recommended , especially at the current amazon price .
this is a great storage/organizer if you need extra .
so that 's why i also got the imp550 .
it charges very fast and is genuine motorola brand .
i bought 3 of these in my initial order .
i think it has real lavendar in it .
this thing once installed has never worked right .
i love the original mocha chip balance bars .
i use this to connect my ps2 online .
i am nearly 100 % safisfied with my purchase .
the top two containers are meant for room temp .
it turned out to be just smoke and mirrors .
i bought these jars to store loose leaf tea .
when i prdered it 1st time all was ok .
the new version has a filmsy , nylon cover .
these are not the socks they used to be .
fits well and all the buttons keep working perfectly .
takes a while to get the hang of it .
my daughter loves liv dolls more then barbies .
my wife told me this pants looks so big .
the carafe seems to be insulated pretty well .
i would rate this 10 stars if i could .
a great alternative to a large size roasting pan .
when you use the conventional flat spoon rest .
this thing is the big daddy of dutch ovens .
same item you can get at the dollar store .
the case is just the icing on the cake .
since the day one i am using this product .
it does the job for a great price .
the price was excellent and the quality is fantastic .
this makes it essential to get a case .
we 'll be doing another transfer in the spring .
i used it one time and one time only .
i did some research and brought this steamer .
i 'm a big fan of most oxo products .
i missed every call while i owned it .
i bought this for my daughter as a gift .
this being said , it has held up well .
it seemed to get rid of the fleas .
wish it could be returned but no such luck .
it supports several sizes of window a/c units .
regardless i reacted badly to it and returned it .
this mount has worked very well across various nissans .
my coffee tastes fabulous and stays nice and hot .
most bottles did not live up to their promise .
but last two shipments i received were very stale .
i honestly wanted to give anarchy online a chance .
it seamlessly runs the 2.3 android gingerbread operating system .
at least it is a good linux server .
however , this does not affect the text-to-voice navigation .
fell apart before i even truly got to use .
the blade holds its edge and sharpens well .
i have no idea what ea was thinking .
at night with back lighting they are fine .
as i said , watching the film is better .
the mechanism is solidly built and very smooth .
it does a great job of protecting the phone .
bought this set to start my wusthof knife set .
recommend for anybody looking to protect galaxy s3 .
and my brother loves his phone and case .
i 've used it daily since and no problems .
i could not even get through the drink .
i used a digital caliper for the measurements .
one of the worst items i have ever purchased .
it is non stick and easy to clean .
uhura with a giant ear piece in startrek .
maybe i will find a better app later .
and volume control does not allow for fine adjustment .
also new email notification is better with tilt2 v .
the meat firms up and the tool works perfectly .
it came on time and we had no problems .
this thing is awesome for what it is .
four modes - that 's what this game has .
the gears stripped , and i threw it away .
we 've had the camera for about 4 years .
ah well it was only a couple dollars anyway .
all her flapping around was stressful to us both .
i have to agree with the other reviewers .
love this knife for cutting fresh mozzarella cheese .
i gave it 2 stars for the straps .
that , or it appears to do absolutely nothing .
but the insoles simply will not stay in place .
the second one i received had a broken lid .
i waited all morning because i was starving .
practical tips for quick and sure assembly : 1 .
quality was good and would recommend to others .
it was , it failed after 2 months use .
it 's a very lightweight yet solid cutting board .
today i used it again and got perfect results .
second , you have to make the ice cream .
it appears i am meant to be wired .
none to be found after a few days .
i may get one for my son next christmas .
where it fails is in the interactive experience .
the motor is the only thing not working .
i 've had the clarisonic for about a month .
a couple months ago , my oven conked out .
i will buy another and throw this one out .
i had to do that in like 3 seconds .
twice i have readjusted the height of the paddle .
i would not recommend this brand at all .
the third night , the nooski caught a mouse .
it is just right for a single person .
i 've had it for about a year now .
massage the scrub into wet skin , then rinse .
i can feel them on my chin as well .
there was a strong bite , bitterness to these .
the delonghi espresso maker does a far better job .
i think because i wash everything by hand .
i am really impressed with the battery life .
chihuahua who has a hard time keeping weight on .
excellent value but one stopped working within days .
so far , steamer works great for most things .
this 'salad shooter ' does excellently at shredded cheese .
in fe the magic works just like a weapon .
please take this review with a grain of salt .
this works great when creating any size tarts .
after about four months , they are almost unusable .
i thought i was buying a new sim .
second , i wanted to be able to sketch/draw .
magnetic cover , good protection for my expensive phone .
no way i could get this into my cat .
i tried to connect by ipod to the tv .
very easy to find in a big purse .
it even feels great with good quality materials .
it was a weird smell and out it went .
it is about an inch thick and porous .
but it does do what bill gates planned .
i use it for loose leaf green tea .
im sorry to say im dissappointed in the product .
i use mine for a french press and espresso .
unfortunately it does not have fm station preset memories .
i ca n't even justify these for the price .
no such problem with his phone with this cover .
i am truly grateful it gave up the ghost .
this device does not work under maverick for osx .
with alpha hydroxy and sunscreen in my moisturizer .
they are stiff and lacking any sense of style .
it is just what i wanted and needed ! .
eventually , dirt and dust got under that edge .
i would definitely not recommend this for hair removal .
these handy kitchen items are for daily cooking use .
i rarely use any other knife these days .
spend your money on a different game , seriously .
works great with my samsung gloss cell phone .
looked like good qaulity , but never used them .
these are not real strong in my opinion .
especially ones that need a screwdriver to be removed .
waste of money and disappointed in the casino website .
the unit i received was an intermatic timer .
i used this for my 55 gallon fish tank .
the light is powerful enough to do its job .
it was fully charged just not enough oomph .
it sure is not addictive as the first aoe .
then we get stuck right at the very beginning .
it is made by a company called pet lodge .
3 do not stop beeping and keep spraying .
no problem i just plugged in the usb cable .
use it to bake biscuits or anything really .
i want characters who truly differ in their abilities .
horrible taste - did n't seem to do anything .
i would recommend to everyone..it was in perfect shape .
its very nice quality and gets the job done .
it is hard to mess it up too .
this is my second anker battery for the phone .
i chose the v300 due to the external antennae .
i bought this along with the home kit .
i had no problem at all with either type .
this case is very cute and fits perfectly .
this was an excellent purchase for the money.bridge .
she loved the squeakers but i took it away .
they are crap and nothing like the original .
it is no problem for such a great toaster .
spend a little extra to get a rubber set .
given that , rather expensive for what you get .
i 'll let the reader draw their own conclusions .
it gets old fast.the game physics are extremely chaotic .
it never sticks , no rust and used daily .
makes scooping out ice cream easy and clean .
a tuning wheel would have instantly solved the problem .
-instructions can be found at the lodge logic website .
like ff8 you either like it or dont .
it gets daily use and has never failed us .
not using oil makes it a healthy treat .
one push of the base tells you battery level .
i will be buying fila from now on .
however the router sometimes freezes and keeps rebooting itself .
a great bargain for the price and lasts forever .
i had a sony hi-8 that was great .
i will not be purchasing these again anytime soon .
its a lot nicer than the aluminum ones .
the unit fits comfortably and securely on my ear .
the case is snug and feels very secure .
easy to clean and stack nicely for the cupboard .
the holder looks very elegant in my bathroom .
it is hard to pair with this item .
love this , the lightweight and comfort it provides .
great size options and are really great quality .
plus the mic part broke , exposing the wires .
not to mention it looks sleek stylish too .
these cables work for charging but not for data .
i was skeptical at first ordering this product .
i 'll let you know in a few years .
i will probably have to order another one .
was surprised as they were smaller than i expected .
i will buy more corelle in the future ! .
the feature comforts model pushed the air 29ft .
love these ! great for any time conscious homemaker .
i bought the whirley pop on a whim .
however , i do wish the tank was larger .
has a nice surface all around the protector .
this sharpener is effective and a good value .
perfect for small bathroom or bathroom related spaces .
every back problem needs different types of support .
of baking and devouring the perfect little cake .
this marinade just did not suit my tastebuds .
it is a nice size for a bedroom .
they are great headphones and i highly recommend them .
just be ready to return em for replacement .
cover flimsy and the pillow itself is cheaply made .
perfect for on the go and hands free communication .
some reviewers expect absolute silence from this unit .
it will flip if not careful when decanting .
no problems with sticking and it baked evenly .
check out the photos and see for yourself.3 .
tried it on my office chair as well .
return would cost me more than the harness .
i used these on clean dry skin too .
yep , it broke in the same exact spot .
even the casual cook will find it indispensable ! .
these are just adorable and fun to use .
i can not imagine my kitchen without these now .
it is obvious they didnt use a shoe model .
they are going to last a long time ! .
it may just be me being a bit paranoid .
the eye removal too works very well too .
if you 've read my review over marvel vs .
this is a simple and elegant stand for iphone .
this last point is a deal killer for me .
it may work better with a power buffer .
i have a small kitchen with not much space .
many laughs have been had over this spoon rest .
i think i slammed the refrigerator door too hard .
buy an snes instead with mario and zelda .
i think silver biotics works better than mesosilver .
this bag i then throw into the trash .
i was n't impressed with these shoes at all .
this is a great all-around travel back-up battery .
the fake leather on the ends are unbelievably cheap .
its combination of plastic and soft rubber is great .
this stone has served it 's purpose thus far .
without all the crap that goes in the bags .
it really goes to work without damaging the skin .
well worth the dollar i paid for this .
you did n't need me to tell you this .
where netgear saw 6 networks this carrd saw zero .
it took a while for it to boot up .
i found other microfiber cloths that are thicker .
very easy to use and easy to clean .
it slides on the phone in 2 pieces .
you 'll probably stop warming pizza in the microwave .
this product has saved my phone for so long .
works great , and very stylish for your phone .
easy clean up as nothing sticks to it .
i use it on my torchand and htc amaze .
i purchased this with the intention of making sausages .
i believe this is a counterfeit otterbox case .
i love the way it cuts plastic ties .
she gave up after two hours of this game .
next time i get sram all the way .
they did not take as long as expected .
or you can just use the permanent filter alone .
the harness btw is okay , def runs smalls .
they had to know that when they made these .
it gets a gray powdery coating on it .
i used the latest driver from the thinkoutside website .
it comes out of the factory full of defects .
other cats may like it better , good luck .
it is a bit small but not too small .
can technically work for 1 -2 days only .
this is the only charging brick you will need .
that way i always had a freshly charged battery .
they may not restore your phone for free .
it is a large-ish kettle , but well balanced .
i 've had the shoes for about 1 month .
and using cheats in this game is fun too .
i bought this for my little 10 lb .
these are heavy stainless steel and should not bend .
i suppose that is because it is non-greasy .
i have owned two of these dvd players .
i was disappointed in this version of chebe bread .
this pan is the greatest for cooking anything .
i had no idea it would be so beautiful .
this is not the application of protection you need .
the ceramic is thick and apparently a good quality .
this is actually my third pair of bluetooth headset .
this thing would barely cut my cat 's hair .
these skewers are just the right size for kabobs .
i was amazed at how fast my carpet dried .
this may limit which side it can be mounted .
it had a generous fit until i washed it .
it smells odd too and does flake off .
it fits in the palm of yr hand .
in fact it broke after 2 months of use .
i ca n't add much to the previous reviews .
the hose stretches out beautifully for the attachment use .
after a month it has held up very nice .
i guess you get what you pay for .
this item is way to short in the handle .
it is light and very easy to use .
i do n't care for the taste of this .
it fails in every way that a game can .
i had some difficulty maintaining a certain pressure .
slay a monster or buy a good weapon ) .
i read all the reviews and decided to try .
it feels light and flimsy but works good .
sauting vegetable is such a fun & healthy .
these are good sturdy measuring cups with solid handles .
the sims speak in some kind of jibberish .
if you already like this coffee continue buying it .
this little screaming monkey has got some personality .
i much prefer the inexpensive gigi home brazilian kit .
a good scrub with dish soap did not help .
unfortunately , this is not good for my skin .
forget iphone , im just fine with my evo .
she is able to transport cakes much more easily .
this item is as described and works well .
large enough to hold a 25 gallon bag .
about this phone , i have only 1 complaint .
i found the inner shaft to be clogged .
as always this is a great product.i love armorsuit .
was thrilled to see a leveling device while browsing .
anything that effectively organizes your materials pays for itself .
unit does n't easily fit to open any can .
the belt is labeled as a gates 336-2gt-4 .
i have to buy filters for this bagless vacuum .
these come clean without using a net shower pouf .
the hard part is what to do next .
the water seems to taste just as good .
i bought this for making homemade muscle rub .
2 of the jars were demolished in shipping .
i do not recommend this product at all .
also it looked kind of awkward in my head .
my wife just does n't like to wash it .
there are no sharp edges to cut yourself .
you should have bright white again by morning ! .
what makes the victorinox so good is the value .
this thing will help you save time preping garlic .
i have had one of these knives for years .
attachments have been left in water and never rusted .
that was a ritual which i did not enjoy .
i own one and has lasted for years .
essential for any home canner and do it yourselfer .
my last order was all fluff and no weight .
i have been ordering and using this for years .
then download the extra levels on xbox live .
it was an electrical problem with the switch .
i bought this to slice beef steaks for jerky .
would be great gift for grandma and grandpa too .
this is not worth money , will never use .
will update feedback if it stops working as well .
this is a perfect little tool for small batches .
the apples are not from the united states .
this bag is a great size and very sturdy .
we like brita products and the filters work .
as it got full i needed more sheets .
it works good for an inside grill pan though .
i use mine almost everyday , and love it .
volume toggle stop working after a couple of weeks .
too small or too large for many recipes .
i must admit i had my doubts at first .
i purchased this for my 4 year old grandson .
very easy to take on and off as well .
i bought this to use as my kitchen pantry .
charges the phone and has a good length cord .
the 2.5 ounce is perfect for our needs .
this is the second mio product i 've used .
but note , the starbucks coffee machines costs thousands .
my face remained tacky to the touch all day .
these filters are working out just fine for me .
get the capsules from thiscompany if you can .
also the tongs on the rake are very wide .
got this because of the near perfect reviews .
the case is made of very good material .
charging in the car and at work.no problems .
five times through this mess is enough for anybody .
i 'll let you know how that turns out .
you get your usual array of unoriginal weapons .
but there was little taste to this bar .
top right button is a spare right click .
this baking kit was intriguing when i saw it .
these are classic fake black market ck underwear .
comfortable to wear for long periods of time .
love the fact they can go in dishwasher .
i would say this carpet receives normal wear .
running it 24/7 on high uses two tanks full .
and the fake gems dont look that stylish .
looks brand new after nearly a years use , .
the bags are murder to install in the cleaner .
now the abysmal packaging and quantity/quality of this product .
second one was new but lasted only 3 weeks .
i am about to buy me one too .
would definately buy again if another is needed .
but tekken 5 has turned a new coin over .
however the super why cards are totally beyond him .
it is like having a bag around your foot .
the closed my case and left me hanging .
it has always been the game to beat .
what a great addition to our calphalon collection .
may work for others but not for me .
the real money is with the replacement blades .
i 'll never buy a pet stages product again .
everyone is very happy with them in my family .
all our athletic gear was produced by champion .
unfortunately this stuff seems to make his hyperactivity worse .
i took it this past weekend to so .
i look forward to many years of use .
my phone did not stop working since then .
the gameplay is fun only to a degree .
works well with both flour and corn meal .
very disappointed in the quality of this unit .
the medium rack fits perfectly inside this roaster .
the gameplay itself is easy and very repetitive .
make sure you know the size before you buy .
they snap together easily and store quite well .
i had major issues with the original battery .
then it begun to lock up the autofocus .
i used this with the thoroughly clean face wash .
but it 's a crime not to size it .
this does the job , but is marred easily .
i just do n't care for the improper title .
several attempts followed to get this thing to work .
you get a great coffeemaker for a great price .
not good in a noisy car for example .
the cost savings of bulk soap is tremendous .
there are no words to describe their customer service .
you also gain access to all their powers .
this is suppose to be a next generation system/game .
it does a great job on peeling potatoes .
it is almost impossible to find completely waterproof boots .
he builds 3 more , you kill 2 more .
i knew this was a somewhat flexible whisk .
the shampoo has no discernible smell to me .
the red one makes very nice clean cuts .
these are cheap and make the roomba more efficient .
keeps the wife and kids in line , too .
also one of the levers broke within a month .
i have a couple of other blue tooth headsets .
i find the headband on the tl7600 very comfortable .
it is also attractive with the wooden base .
everything has been made 100 % cheaper and crappier .
i bought this same bracelet from a marketplace seller .
i have older aquaclear filters that are dead silent .
after about a minute another linksys tech answered .
if your looking for tongs~ snap one up ! .
i returned the item today , after one week .
i really have n't had any problems cleaning it .
they claim this will hold 150 feet of cord .
a call from a friend changed all that .
atk recommends it highly , so i bought it .
you will not have thin strips of zest .
this pan is absolutely ideal for searing and deglazing .
this eggs 'n muffin pan cooks eggs to perfection .
there have been kindergarten plays with better acting .
after careful re-assembly , the phone worked like new .
you are paying for thebrand , it is overpriced .
this waffle maker worked well - while it worked .
you have to be very careful with this one .
it is sturdy and protects the phone well .
we have been using this sized dish for decades .
i 'm currently using this for my galaxy nexus .
okay - there 's something wrong with brita filters .
i like it better than the magnetic pickup .
the strap came off the first day of wearing .
not a lot of options to explore here .
my cat falls into the latter category.live and learn .
i would recommend one for the htc evo .
it even makes an electric stove cook well .
you see , reality is a bit more complicated .
i tried both ear pieces , and no help .
it is simply a reaction caused by histamine .
then this dough hook is not for you .
about once every couple of weeks it slides down .
just like that 2 years old ca n't wait .
do yourself a favor and avoid this product .
once the dough is started , this works well .
the rest of the game is quite terrible .
for now i have purchased a separate safety harness .
i thought this was ground pine , my fault .
anything more than $ 4 is way too much .
i would not advise anyone to buy this .
i can measure all my liquids in one dish .
the holes make for a nice and crispy bottom .
i also tried bowing them out with no improvement .
after lunch every day i literally fall asleep .
so , i tried it on my other dog .
white face city whenever i put this on .
have n't bought ice cream from the store since .
most things that are popular just flat out suck .
it collects large particles and is a charcoal filter .
the work bowls are the only weak point .
not the quality i would expect from duracell .
its big enough to handle a good portion .
it deals with leafy vegetables better than breville.3 .
nice style but the hat is very small overall .
this is basically an overpriced piece of junk .
keep me from scarring my counter or wooden board.3 .
these are the perfect size for real english muffins .
the contacts sometimes slide around and break the connections.5 .
had difficulty removing rubber holders from the sinkworks .
ordered a large for my 50 pound golden mix .
do n't make the same mistake i did though .
the evo 3d batteries are just as described .
my husband wants to get a second one .
i bought this set in yellow from nomorerack.com .
i have a reasonably healthy diet and daily exercise .
i say it is flat out greed this time .
i love the plantronics .audio 478 stereo usb headset .
notice to mariners and other updates as well .
plenty big enough for a family of 4 .
price for the replacement filter inserts is also reasonable .
bought this as a gift for a teenager .
would recommend to everyone for an extra cable .
they stick on and do n't come off accidentally .
i got this for my 50 pound red heeler .
it is built like a tank and beautifully finished .
flashy design with a ribbedback for better grip .
you feel that the phone is protected from anything.1 .
however , there are ways you can minimize this .
it allows great organization in a small space .
i regrert purchasing this , i even returned it .
we have also used it for a large steamer .
something you could pull out in an office emergency .
developed a short in it after 2 months .
my husband is upset to say the least .
shipping was prompt and courteous for this item .
it 's sooo nice to have perfectrice every time .
this is an rts 2 years behind in technology .
the machine is very easy to clean and handle .
i thought i was saving a few bucks vs .
you just pull it out and sponge it off .
sometimes with ice , and sometimes with frozen fruit .
this thing makes a great tasting rotisserie chicken .
the first time we tried it , nothing happened .
it works great for my daugher 's ipod touch .
will keep looking for an effective mask product .
again , uneven and the polish would not dry .
i guess you get what you pay for .
they should recall this juicer to save their name .
please do not waste your money on this product .
how on earth did i get here ? no .
i hung up and she called me back .
it tells you what channel to tune to .
this version also appears to hold a larger charge .
and makes for more uncomfortable wear.and then the design .
they are very feathered which makes them look thin .
i would recommend as part of another storage system .
my sea salt has a difficult time getting through .
i would buy these again in a heartbeat .
sadly by mistake when i re-ordered i got this .
i would definitely not purchase this product again .
it crashes at the start of the game .
the shoe does not stay on my foot .
this could be solved by a handful of things .
it would be much better without the chips .
extremely difficult to deflate to pack away flat .
great gift for the canner in your family .
i 've been a victim of 3rd party accessories .
pretty sure they all will do the same job .
bought this to replace a broken pulley style .
love all oxo products and this is no exception .
thankfully , it does go on clear & easy .
i charged it fully when it first arrived.5 .
the eyeliner smears and this stuff is garbage .
without carrying a car charger for each device .
it still works great better than mine actually .
after about 2 months the charger stopped working altogether .
previously i had been using a eureka super broom .
i looked at many sets within my price range .
so i bought an over-sized case that fit perfectly .
it is deceptively lightweight yet offers good protection .
ive had this mixer for 3 years now .
made a whole chicken in less than 30min .
we only used it twice and threw it away .
i still decided to use the one provided .
i was very disappointed with this hand soap .
one reviewer commented on the fumes and smell .
i 'm done wasting my money on overpriced equipment .
i have yet to catch a mouse with these .
i bought this stuff after reading the reviews .
i use it every day to store freshly-made coffee .
this stuff has that extra something in it .
apply at the upper and lower lashline before bed .
i think it is of exceptional quality and durability .
with this case i did n't have any problems .
i love this quart and a half crock pot .
after that it is more drying than anything .
i thought ok hopefully it just got stuck .
i enjoy foojay dim sum pu-erh quite a bit .
both hold up but farberware will last for decades .
this game is very difficult for beginners to pickup .
this is a great , basic cast iron skillet .
i likethe dispensing feature of this new storage unit .
i think the buttons did n't work at all .
i 'm not sure why they are so different .
i have used the baking/casserole dish several times .
i am now going back to this one .
love the design & looks great on the counter .
not as soft of leather as i hoped .
at these prices it makes it less expensive .
i can still hear a little clearer without it .
easy and it works great for my taste .
what a shame they had to change it .
so if you plan to order ; expect delay .
i bought this even though i saw bad reviews .
i have never had this experience with krupps product .
the fit is spot on in my opinion .
in 2002 thq came out with this wrestling game .
so to me buying this was a waste .
it pushes out your lips and is not comfortable .
you can clearly see it from the pictures .
i know there are excellent reviews on this crust .
but headset seem to be work out good .
would be better if the buckle was metal .
hence , all is well and perfect after all .
it 's ok but i would not order again .
it 's a pain to use and too noisy .
others might want to take that into consideration .
each batch consistently took 25 minutes to make .
these reasonably priced ear buds do the job .
but they are nearly invisible in normal room light .
great speaker stands , well designed and very sturdy .
i have not recieved my phone cover yet .
i keep two or three of these on hand .
i will enjoy this pan fo years to come .
blocks are oftentimes completely missed by guards and fullbacks .
you can always count on pyrex for quality .
when the description says soft-feeling they are spot on .
very durable and long lasting without stretching over time .
when you try to sharpen them they just crumble .
the metal case it came in was bent .
$ 44.50 a year in replacement filters is reasonable .
i would recommend them to family and friends .
an added plus is the corelle brand quality .
it is a definite must have for ipod users .
this works very well and makes baking a breeze .
i bought this as an amazon warehouse deal .
i like the phone the way it is though .
i tried using it with next to no success .
price is fair for a bamboo cutting board .
i think there is something wrong with this food .
quality of construction seems to be pretty good .
i do not recommend doing business with this seller .
that being said , it works great for me .
the audio from music and video is amazingly good .
item arrived pretty quick and in great condition .
this stand charges my iphone 4s just fine .
my last motorola used to last 3 months .
and the sugar alcohol gives you horrible gas .
the build quality seems good mostly cast iron .
i suspected that those high ratings were only illusions .
i did not like the fit at all .
i had two of these units for two winters .
should have tried your product before ordering large amount .
one of the most useful knife shapes available .
it fits like a glove and is not bulky .
these batteries do not hold a charge very well .
these plugs did little to dull the sound .
slides in pocket easily and all buttons are accessible .
the volume can be turned on very loud .
excellent quality with very fine mesh stainless steel screen .
i would do business with this seller again .
this game was supposed to be 100 % original .
easily keeps the phone topped off all day .
i just dropped my phone one too many times .
i had purchased similar cutting boards in the past .
btw it will not hold a large heavy cord .
you mix them together to activate the ingredients .
similar to canned tuna in texture and presentation .
this is a company that amazon needs to drop .
target sells many different flavors during the summer .
everyone enjoyed taking a turn with the whisk .
in that hat i think the material is cotton .
so after a couple of trys it finally ran .
i love how it looks in my kitchen ! .
i have had a long running battle with toasters .
i have never placed it in the dishwasher .
do not be attracted to this cheap price .
5 minutes later you see him rowing a boat .
would make a nice addition to anyones kitchen arsenal .
i just saw them and took them home .
these bottles are perfect for storing these spices .
i like this case but dont love it .
very drying and causes lipstick to form tiny flakes .
the arcusine is expensive and their selections are limited .
both of us are happy with the gadgets .
the powersleek is definitely superior for bounce control .
put tablespoon of batter on iron , close lid .
i purchased this product along with another one .
& also purchased it as a gift for newlyweds .
keep them sharp and never put in dishwasher .
the screw driver didnt fit in the screw .
i am best at sort of splurting straight on .
neither kid will eat these unless they are forced .
the next time i used it was for cheese .
makes a weird high pitch squeel while it charges .
just the best type i have ever used .
it was quite frankly , not that much fun .
but everyone who describes the flimsy handle is right .
in part this can be due to its sensitivity .
she loves how it fits on her phone .
even then you better hope your boobs are small .
it has to be experienced to be believed .
other than that this thing is a beast .
i wish amazon had offered all of the options .
there are three questions on the same card .
i really feel it was a waste of money .
if you do buy this , save the receipt .
this is the best juicer made for home use .
the other is just not turning on at all .
glad i got it with the usb memory .
i do n't want to be distracted from driving .
this is my third pot for this coffee maker .
first , i did not buy this off amazon .
i have had two of these medline reachers .
it comes in sweet tea and peach tea .
i did not like the material at all .
h pylori needs strong antibiotics and acid reducers .
i also very much like its low profile .
or just got in the way of the keyboard .
really helps if butter is very very cold .
the batter sticks even after spraying with pam .
this cover fits the larger kitchen-aid stand mixer fine .
the iphone is like a prefabricated tract home .
let a stick of butter set out until soft .
we use filtered water for our fancy coffee maker .
this stuff tastes like honey mixed with vodka .
my wife is very happy with this unit .
i read the directions and followed them carefully .
i doubt it will come off any time soon .
i highly recommend these for home and work .
i had a good idea of what i needed .
used it once and never used it again .
am using a hand-held with a power cord now .
great simple spatulas made to oxo quality standards .
some are better for the same or lower price .
if you want quality go with something else .
that set also comes with the outer plastic coverings .
this is a nice case for 4 sd cards .
just the perfect finishing touch on my baking ! .
this little car could have been a great toy .
i ordered the motorola s10 as a replacement .
the 3m pen allowed him to write smaller .
small size means it is easy to store3 .
they are more like a super dried fruit leather .
they do n't open up well for cutting chicken .
i will keep this one as a backup case .
the skillet is huge ! my husband loves it .
i wish the phone could be thinner , though .
he ruses it everyday and seems to like it .
i have had a screwpull for over 20 years .
the cheese and sauce literally rinsed right off .
i am shopping for better choices at better prices .
it is going back as soon as possible .
this is a great fast single coffee maker .
i like the stainless better than the black .
this is deserving of a 5 star rating .
i do not find this inconvenient at all .
it is unhumane the way they are killed .
i sometimes use it for cinnamon sugar as well .
i 'm also going to say something controversial here .
i used to nuke it 30 seconds of so .
all the other frisbee 's i had purchased floated .
the cat barf spots are gone as well .
i had heard this really worked for relaxation .
it would constantly drop and was very unreliable .
i did lose the lid a while back .
i have played nba live since day 1 .
it is otherwise a most excellent bread loaf pan .
i have arthritic hands and this handle is super .
it must have just taken the outer layers .
perhaps the great reviews got my hopes up .
seems durable , use it only to fry eggs .
it made my hair feel greasy and dirty .
one burnt out the second time charging it .
this case is as protector as the name proclaims .
seemed like it was not for my phone .
i will be taking my future business elsewhere .
i guess for safety reasons that is ok .
not like a latte , not like coconut water .
my girlfriend lost hers and needed a replacement .
i read where many complained about the saucers .
there are better , american alternatives that are safer .
the gears just strip and the arm drops .
i then found a deal on a jabra bt5020 .
that is why badger is better than most .
the top rated reviews are not amazon verified purchases .
we really like these little things for refrigerator magnets .
it makes a soft smooth ice cream parlor product .
i recently got this product to try out .
this seems to be a good buy overall .
this is an edit of my earlier review .
basic bluetooth speaker for the visor in the car .
this thing did n't last a day with her .
it continues to work well despite its age .
they work well and the price point is unbeatable .
i have owned a lot of battery packs .
i bought two , they are fantastic for cakes .
not at all like what i was expecting .
especially since the errors are of their own making .
there are no pro 's i can say here .
you can find info about that in other places .
found a better coffee for less bucks at walmart.com .
this robe was absolutely stunning when i purchased it .
i love that it dries fast and thick .
but two days later the buzzing noise is back .
bluetooth connectivity has always been a black art .
tried out the grinder and made home made sausage .
this was included in a 70-pak k-cup sampler .
super cute and as described and pictured by seller .
not the best quality but worked for awhile .
it is very costly to just buy another lid .
once they came i was thrilled with the decision .
like night and day compared to the toastmaster .
you can feed an army with this pan .
i can custom fit the amount to suit me .
they can not be compared in any way .
i am a novice pasta maker yet avid home-cook .
i was never able to get consistent results .
i have n't seen this colander anywhere but amazon .
fabulous results on my chicken breasts on the grill .
this dog food has a very high protein content .
here are the new ingredients from the bottle .
amazon shipping was fast and norpro quality is great .
for the price though it is worth it .
but i trimmed it a bit to fit .
eventually the top of the lid would break off .
a deciding factor for me was it is round .
this product is of no use to me whatsoever .
i love knowing the time , temperature and forcast .
it is small enough to carry in your pocket .
it falls off easily and lets water in .
this has proven to be a huge benefit.3 .
and lets face it , there is a type .
the camera buttons are still too easy to press .
our thanks to the engineers who designed it .
i recently switched to bar soap from liquid soap .
this game is not the version i remember .
it looked like black tar or melted black crayon .
it adds almost no bulk to the phone .
came very large so i had to cut it .
these are the regular brita pitcher replacement filters .
protection for your iphone can be attractive and affordable .
on day three the machine started to freeze .
amazon is my go to shopping place , too .
this thing is a beast of a mixer .
will buy one of these whenever i need another .
they look and remind me of hearing aids .
it was less noticeable when using my pentax kr .
it worked ok but the color was off .
great power and heats up the room quick .
the booklet included shows pictures of the results .
i have had better luck with my osterizer blender .
keeps thing hot/cold for about 6 hours at most .
quick and responsive , never had any connection issues .
lids fit tight but easy to be put on .
i wish i had read the reviews before purchasing .
there is no one who can help you .
otherwise - this is the one to get ! .
the only thing that bugs me are the beeps .
shoes are made of cheap plastic and feel it .
it is comfortable under the breast area as well .
you have to get just the right angle .
on many nights she does n't snore at all .
quake 4 is just a pretty mediocre fps .
i thought the trays would be easier to use .
allows maximum leverage of the wire against the cheese .
enemies who ca n't see you in plain sight .
you constantly have to plug them back in .
purchased this to replace an old can opener .
this pen has a problem with losing its hair .
i 'm in tile hell with these florida houses .
the design is made for a large hand .
this cover is made of very cheap plastic .
this is the perfect solution for my problem .
it stuck to my fingers as i applied it .
i want to try the pizza dough soon .
this is the second coffee press i have owned .
works perfectly and highly recommend to any blackberry user .
the feel of the naked glass is great .
i purchased two packages of these screen protectors .
this is the greatest invention of all time .
do not buy it for that reason alone .
well , it works fine and has good features .
this little piece of plastic is way overpriced .
it simply does not taste much like vanilla .
the lid really fits tightly on the pan .
so they end up becoming dry and brittle .
the clear and green plastics were not fused completely .
this is my second pair of this shoe .
the graphics in this are very ps2 ish .
not at all what i think of as khaki .
especially on moderate where the attacks are constant .
the price was the final selling point for me .
and i have not had any problems with it .
i found familiar scotches revealing unknown flavors and aromas .
the wash was slimy and the moisturizer was greasy .
so we are able to distingues the different phones .
i really wanted this to be for me .
it had fewer features , but was extremely reliable .
for some reason , it interferes with the transmission .
i gave all my other bowls and dishes away .
probably wouldnt puchase this type from this seller agan .
changed the ingredients from fish meal to turkey meal .
it adds no bulk to the phone at all .
the benefit of running a proxy server won .
then he squeaks them so they talk back .
also nice if you want to make homemade pizzas .
got this to replace one i lost on vacation .
i get a better gut feeling with this site .
the only difference is that youfight more npcs .
but then i think why ? these work great .
i received my package a few min ago .
often they are unlicensed third party knock-off expansion packs .
anyway it fits and works like it should .
grain free was no longer really grain free .
this product is as simple as it is inexpensive .
maybe a shoe stretcher would have worked better .
always wanted one , and now i have it .
i love the white on white color scheme .
but i cared about a few other things .
too bad i ca n't ask for a refund .
that is like charging your iphone 4s 5 times .
way too much talk , most of it irrelevant .
as you can imagine i already was n't pleased .
i even mixed the food with fresh veggies .
you will need something more for those situations .
it heats up fast and shuts off by itself .
ours sticks fine , first time & every time .
you ca n't go wrong for this price either .
now as i mentioned i used it outside camping .
any bass seems to make them strain and distort .
much too large even for my 3 qt pot .
the base is very heavy and sturdily made .
i then minced the garlic cloves with little effort .
i have had a very good experience with hyperion .
the gameplay is totally lost in no mans land .
went back to a modified tooth brush and q'tip .
for me , digestive issues are a common problem .
i 've been using this for about a year .
the case is right but the color is off .
but if ya do have it in a otterbox .
i have 2 wireless tracballs and 2 broken controllers .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
it keeps the coffee hot a long time .
it allows you to cut biscuits with no scraps .
and i 've had natural hair for 6 years .
it heats up fast and is very well made .
we no longer buy plush toys for our dog .
can pull it put and put back easily .
other than that this case is very recommended .
this kettle is a hand-me-down from my brother .
i ordered this to accompany my winterberry dinnerware set .
i am not even going to try it .
they ship fast and pack your stuff well .
occasionally i buy another pad and trade that out .
you should feel very confident with your purchase .
there is nothing turbo about this hair dryer .
some reviews say their bowl never freezes solid .
i choose this model because of two features .
the a/c to usb adapter was an added bonus .
the reason i went with this crib vs .
so its really not an optimal car device .
feels like a solid build so should be durable .
they come apart when you are using them .
so i sent them back for a refund .
which are very impressive for a home-use cleaner .
also , it does smoke a bit at first .
i have two of these in the scarlet red .
it is my favorite jar for iced tea .
and i 'll see how long it can last .
they do stay in the ear well whilst running .
it exceeded my expectations by a wide margin .
i am not the best video game reviewer .
i am african american and have coarse hair .
i used it until i wore it out .
the plastic housing is too bulky for me .
i will eventually add addtional pieces to my collection .
thanks for putting out such a great product .
it does exactly what it is designed for .
it was done in less than an hour .
used for church dinner and they worked very well .
i 've used this product for about a year .
i love the way the hose just pops out .
these were the worst quality ive seen from plantronics .
i am a sahm that cooks for her family .
no way would i ever buy this again .
they arrived as pictured but have already lost them .
a lot of apps are available for it .
two weeks later i find her bed ridden .
it was so easy and so much fun .
save your money and find another screen protector ! .
however it is not bright enough for night riding .
the blue one went together easily and no problems .
after wearing it several days my pain was worse .
i 've been an otterbox fan for some time .
i just pop it in my purse and go .
looks just like it does in the picture .
i cleaned the white fabric couch in the den .
in the meantime , it does its job well .
i have iphone 3gs in outerbox protective case .
good for my 2 year old to play with .
neither would i give them again as a gift .
these are the brand sold on apple 's website .
the headphone have little base with reduction on .
disappointing , is a major understatement for this game .
so eureka vacuums are notorious for belts breaking .
i 've also used a paperclip which works too .
if it dies within its warranty period return it .
very easy to use.it tenderize meat so easy .
the price was great and delivery a breeze ! .
this product does not deliver on its design .
of course pyrex brand can not be beat either .
the suction cup does n't work worth a dam .
it is a perfect size and isnt heavy either .
ultimately it 's one less thing to worry about .
i always think i do n't need another saucepan .
and it smells bad and is super runny .
the large bowl is a nice serving size .
this cleans easily and has been very sturdy .
i do this with all my cast iron cookware .
i used this product on a philips dvd recorder .
but most of them have turned out alright .
i 'd recommended checking this little detail out first .
this unit does it for my 14 cup cuisinart .
i bought the cybershot mainly for its size .
this fits my epic 4g touch very well .
the outer casing is like a hard plastic .
it just lets out a weak little buzz .
removable tray for dropping the crumbs in the garbage .
they fit all brita pitchers from small to large .
the cover arrived and was a perfect fit .
tried a million matti fires , most are useless .
item did not work for me at all .
i bought them to use with my iphone 4 .
these are not good for my strong jawed dog .
they are going to be tiny no matter what.14 .
i bought this carrier for my tiny maltese puppy .
i can not articulate how horrible this game is .
this one does the job and does it well .
functional pants when you need some cheap black pants .
it does charge while the phone is on .
this is my first time ever using castor .
service will bere-initiated.- the issue will be resolved .
our water has a lot of metals in it .
it was gross and i tossed it out .
i do n't particularly care for the smell either .
it does not look as good as the picture .
i tried washing it and airing it out .
this is small pieces of soft crumbly meat .
the songs it comes with are just so-so .
worth every cent and would definitely buy again .
the tips that came were black , not green .
overall it is just a very poorly designed game .
it has clumped each time i used it .
the rings look and fit like the previous ones .
i have had these tongs april of 2006 .
i suspect this is cheapo chinese manufactured garbage .
the non-stick surface makes it easy to clean up .
i use this exclusively for my french press .
i think games are more fun with cheats .
this protective shield fit my new phone great .
i use this to grind nuts and seeds .
halfway through making this batch , the release unhinged .
this is just hard drinking a whole glass .
actually i returned it because it was so bad .
i got two of these to give as gifts .
and that is specialty order not mass production .
i love my tungsten but i hate this charger .
this just adds to the fun for my son .
i found this item to be quite useful .
it should have an on/off button at least .
also works for dusting flour on food to fry .
but the company sucks with customer service & shipping .
you heard right , this game has no savegame .
get a smaller dart gun , like the maverick .
the best part of this product was the price .
the engine gives some trouble after every two hours .
i will probably get one for myself now too .
i would buy another.jan 09 updatestill working good ! .
it is worse than parasite eve 2 's story .
six weeks later , i got the motor back .
use this a lot to make bottled salad .
so i sent it back around jan 13th .
i purchased this phone but turned out defective .
i need to sharpen it after every use .
i will definitely do business with this company again .
this knife is comfortable in by large hands .
terrible quality , frayed and split after prolonged use .
and i thought it was just for food preparation .
ordered for my son and he loves the device .
at first i thought i got a knowck off .
it 's about the size of a serving spoon .
bought two units for use in our office .
you can carry only very limited amount of items .
holding that in is what makes it grind .
these are so handy to have around the house .
this one has nothing to keep it together .
i really love how quiet the unit is .
i received three sets of this flatware set .
i need to buy a couple more of these .
i tried adjusting the string , but no luck .
after seven hours , i completed one half-finished village .
i really like how low profile the holder is .
it works well with or without the hard shell .
it will periodically slip to a new location .
went back as soon as i got them .
pot of water with glass bowl on top .
not bad for the money i spent on it .
one of the nicest i have ever bought .
so i looked up the possibility of returning it .
this bin is perfect for a home or office .
i really like using it to cook oriental dishes .
i sent it back and got another machine .
this charger has worked as advertised so far .
my unit also stopped working after 13 months .
i also appreciate the clean lines and easy installation .
the sights are a mix of good and bad .
abandon netgear and go to belkin which is outstanding .
the steamer makes laundry day so much easier .
will continue to get this one in the future .
i went from download/upload speeds of 100/75 to 650/250 .
small way worse than better bleaches i have use .
this is a very unsuitable diet for rabbits .
my boyfriend says it actually makes him more energetic .
i would not hesitate to buy anything from them .
only time will tell how the surface holds up .
this product was definitely not well thought out .
all the songs build on the same words .
slender and flexible enough to turn delicate items .
i am making the switch from oleo to butter .
the male end locks in to the ipod perfectly .
it also was a little larger than i expected .
i liked the paw print design on this cover .
i ended up piling it in the closet .
do not use soap ever on a cast iron .
i do n't like looking like a drag queen .
it was a waste of money for me .
if anyone knows , i would appreciate any info .
i can not express how awesome this charger is .
and sunbeam is owned by another company , jarden .
he loves it and says that it works great .
something that most cooks need for the kitchen .
i have had this phone for 2-3 months now .
oxo consistently makes high-quality products at an affordable price .
this onereally does the best job of peeling potatoes .
one thing i never stint on is knives .
i wanted to run my home entertainment tuner .
after going through two bottles i felt zero difference .
and it leaks every time i pour tea .
bottle is sitting in my pantry almost full .
very industrial could row a boat with it .
love how it does n't have a long handle .
i received the exchange today for the 2 batteries .
it has a gritty texture like fine sand particles .
it left my hair feeling gluey and heavy .
2 from this company and 1 from another .
save your money and buy an additional stock battery .
the directions provided are sparse in several languages .
we all know the quality cuisinart is known for .
the car charger is what i use the most .
hundreds of my text messages go unsent and unrecieved .
the kettle was what i expected and was great .
it probably spends 90 % of playtime face down .
i really love the design of this product .
does not work well with hard ice cream .
i plan to stick with the aerolatte brand .
mom got it today and made toast right away .
i highly recommend you not to buy this .
this skin is perfect barring the above defects .
is n't that what this was supposed to do .
the blush brush seems fine for now though .
not the best game but not that bad .
they are study and work beautifully in the microwave .
the memory card goes under a metal holder .
would consider getting a better brand next time .
this bed was very easy to put together .
best case of three different cases i 've ordered .
it stays put all day just as promised .
plus i was ready for a color change .
portions were well-toasted and other portions were pale .
my favorite thing about them is their shape .
reading a lighted watch should n't be so difficult .
needless to say , the threads no longer match .
it 's not too soft and not too hard .
both tools clean up quickly with a hand wash .
so it is just a normal litter box now .
i understand you get what you pay for .
i am still waiting to use this pizza cutter .
this is great storage for the blade and accessories .
these cables do not have a long life .
the 8-quart stockpot with lid is a kitchen essential .
also my chinese crested did n't really get it .
i 've tried it twice and it does work .
i wish i had integrated bluetooth in my car .
this is probably the best knife i 've owned .
tivoli audio replaced the unit and it works fine .
i gave it to the wife for her ipad .
after 50 attempts i finally make it across .
i use it every so often to break ice .
this is a great ironing board for apartment-dwellers .
i like using them better than the dried beans .
these scissors are very sharp and work great ! .
cleaning is a simple flip of the screen .
i have had one of these about 5-6 years .
i was bummed because it promised so much .
i bought these and they seem to last longer .
i am so happy that i made this purchase .
my issues is actually with that fabulous bungee leash .
a smart buy and indispensable for many recipes .
i have no other hesitation in recommending it .
i like my espresso and this machine delivers .
the volume level is crystal clear and perfect .
this also has excellent range even through several walls .
it holds enough vegetable scraps to be useful .
plastic handles have a recess between the housing .
i have never been happier with a decision .
but no one seems to make one that does .
otherwise the little oven is working out real good .
for $ 29.95 more i could get express shipping .
i can speak only well of this wonderful device .
i have recommended to everyone with a captivate .
they would be perfect for a little girl .
the case was delivered in a timely manner .
add a garmin 205 and i am golden .
sharpen only the smooth side of serrated knife blade .
it comes with all the tools you need .
it leaves a flat feeling in the mouth .
it can take under four hours to beat it .
it might work for some but not mine .
it seemed to be both responsive and accurate .
gives good support and runs true to size .
i 'm a frequnt business travler & heavy user .
however , this case is not a solid purple .
it keeps the air clean and nice fresh smelling .
dry it out and give myself dead ends .
i 've gone over uneven surfaces with no problems .
received the breadmaker from amazon with no problems .
but for the price you ca n't beat it .
these are not fancy and are for daily use .
we have been testing regular and decaf coffees .
bought for my little brother , he loves it .
a little fruity.cons : does not work for me .
maybe someday they will iron out the liquid problem .
i received these clips as a stocking stuffer .
i have lots of tile in my home .
firewire on this works great on a mac .
i returned the item and got my money back .
enter a new area : talk to the pc .
i recommend looking elsewhere for a training pouch .
i recently acquired the lodge double dutch 5 qt .
ha it did n't work and i was frustrated .
baggy all around size 17 at 170lbs 5'4 .
this works great for rolling out pizza dough .
pressure indicator drops immediately after removing from heat source .
if you thought irish spring was over the top .
felt like a dunce cap rather than a helmet .
great for cutting vegetables and herbs for cooking .
my husband was amazed at this little inexpensive tool .
said he wished i 'd ordered two of them .
these are probably better suited for older toddlers .
tried on other devices without any luck either .
it was sealed with factory looking stickers and everything .
it just did not meet my expectation at all .
this cream soda for the sodastream is absolutely terrible .
all the holes are in their correct places .
spend your money on bristle blocks or krinkles .
it tastes like a poorly salted tomato puree .
these are nice cannisters , i got the black .
i can see this is going to work .
i did n't even bother to create the prosthetic .
the shipping packaging was way over the top .
i was left with an undrinkable cup of coffee .
i never even put them in the dishwasher .
reading the ingredients online , we see no sugar .
but if i did have to i would .
much easier to use than my thinner microplaner .
but it does the job for a crowd .
i will put my findings at the end .
tore when i tried to put my tablet inside .
you have to flip two pads to open .
recommend to all looking for a new set .
was looking to replace a broken steam iron .
not wasting the time to send it back .
the dough comes out very easily and cleanly .
it 's water resistant for sweat and light rain .
having two separate indicators is a nice convenience .
but the unit does perform as it should .
the very strong fishy smell even turned my stomach .
luckily , sprint is ordering me a replacement battery .
i normally do not have this issue with amazon .
i love this case fit a iphone 4 good .
i 've never been happier with a small appliance .
the battery was 1/4 of an inch too small .
i use this daily with everything i cook .
i literally ended up throwing this toy away .
it makes a very nice set for a party .
you will save money in the long run .
i enjoy numi rose white tea which tastes wonderful .
it 's very charming and a lot of fun .
i suggest looking at something with a heavier flint .
thus , this carafe is good for one 10-11oz .
i guess red rain makes different varieties and whatnot .
the bar is healthy judging from the ingredients .
i have to hold it in my hand .
this purchase was not as i had expected .
my son will just end up getting confused .
installation was easy until i decided to upgrade .
turns out the stick on was right on .
avoid this board , especially with xp or 2000 .
this is a simple and very handy tool .
it takes up less counter space and looks good .
i bought this for my daughter last christmas .
you would be better off buying lewis n .
the instructions say to hold the lid down .
i bought these because of so many good reviews .
i bought this , and am happy with it .
shock is mercilessly transmitted to the drive it protects .
id return it if i hadnt already used it .
another reviewer mentioned batter sticking to the basket .
this farberware poly cutting board set is terrific .
this product is being used for dollar size pancakes .
ca n't return it - past the return date .
so it does n't get this bounced seond signal .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
i collect bundt pans- yes , a strange collection .
i do n't know why everyone loves these chips .
senseo makes a much better single serve coffee maker .
this fits nicely on our old verizon iphone 4 .
too bad because i love the way they look .
what can i say ? these work and well .
it just comes in a thin plastic cover .
2 of the 3 provided solutions work perfectly .
this toy is just ignored by our three dogs .
this is the worst case i 've ever had .
strong aroma which takes maybe 10 minutes to fade .
it took a while to learn the basics .
there is no actual evolution in this game .
i wish it came a little wider though .
i got mine from the one stop shop .
three minutes is about perfect for my dough .
i ended up throwing out all six bottles .
there is something wrong with these boxer briefs .
after 3-4 weeks they sent me a new camera .
we purchased this coffee maker 2 years ago .
i really love my black & decker gizmo mixer .
i download it again later and try again .
she said they are nice and work well .
the wasabi flavor is very light , and unimpressive .
i bought this braun exactly two years ago .
my main complaint is that it gets boring .
very nice for organizing papers and other small items .
this thing would not hold a charge at all .
just push the plunger and let it spin away .
they are snug , but not exactly water tight .
she must of been paid for that video .
i just could n't do it with this stuff .
my friend even commented it looked more red .
they are evenly balanced with a useful machanical advantage .
we also like that it has temp settings .
this is a really fun little pan to use .
the peony pink/gunmetal grey color is very cute .
but you can always press a button to continue .
we do both fresh and frozen vegetables in it .
this will work for me for the time being .
they actually told me to try restarting my computer .
this handy little corkscrew puller works like magic .
did n't help with extending my color at all .
i then demand a call back from a manager .
but i prefer the googles for protection over these .
the spout is large and does not drip .
it should be pretty good none the less .
save your money and buy from wal-mart or something .
again , this product description says oem by samsung .
it depends on what you are looking for .
the rubber handle gives it a nice touch .
then my second ps2 i tried to play ico .
this black case fit my new phone great .
initially the jar was spilling juices/liquid while tilting .
it was the only conditioner i wanted to use .
you always play the same truck every race .
my phone fit into it flawlessly with no issues .
installed battery and mounted to mossberg 590a1 shotgun .
i agree about the glue used to adhere label .
i would definetly recommend this unit to all .
i would not waste my money on it .
eating beans and legumes is also very helpful .
well , many other action/adventure games before this one .
nobody could hear me when i tried using this .
however , zooming is not possible in movie mode .
one of the feet has been knocked off already .
that earns them high marks in my book .
for road riders , i could recommend this bag .
took a while before it soaked up the smell .
got two tiny airbubbles that pushed out easily .
why because i believe it is a health risk .
it came with a little book with recipes .
hopefully i 'll have better luck this time around .
i would be embarrassed to present these to someone .
like it could fall apart at any second .
try a regular kong or another football type .
i would buy these again and recommend them .
cleans easily and doesnt take up to much space .
a must have for any novice or professional baker .
available in a dosed pump , unscented or lavender .
what a simple idea , but it works well .
the size of this screen fits all my skillets .
not a pleasant experience for me and my puppy .
i have the red blinking light syndrome also .
i live day to day by my debit card .
according to what i viewed on the dr .
i loved the sound quality even at high volume .
the ending of the game was rather vague .
save your money and invest in a quality product .
these wax strips were next on my list .
the wet paper towel works like a charm .
my hair seems to wrap around near the clasp .
the fit from this brand seems to be inconsistent .
overall a great protector and worth the money .
setting up a race takes way too long .
i am returning these truglo sights for a refund .
this game is a crappy crossover to the psp .
i was glad to have found this product .
specifically to use for drawing with a game .
easy grip handle with the amount clearly marked .
i have returned and ordered barely there comfort bra .
other reviewers commented that the blender is loud .
the build quality leaves something to be desired .
this unit is classy looking and feels solid .
i use it to cook crazy mounds of meat .
i simply picked it up right off the mat .
these socks do not fit as knee socks .
also , they tend to stretch just a little .
also i wanted a relatively inexpensive mp3 player .
this discs even have difficulty ejecting from the computer .
* amazon reviews here cover 3 different products .
i had a very good experience with this cable .
it cost to much to send them back .
cats refuse to use the treat/food dispenser system .
did caribbean pay people to make great reviews ? .
this case is awsome i really like it .
i would give this to someone i hated .
the ones i bought were for a iphone 4s .
this helps overcome the problem with stand alone toasters .
i had to buy a serial db25 card .
helped me out when my other battery was weak .
i am really happy with the 14 '' pan .
i could not be more disappointed with the buzz .
gluten-sensitive people should be aware these contain wheat flour .
worked like a charm with no negative effects .
that combination makes for a fatally tiring listening experience .
it leaves my skin red for half an hour .
there is no elastic at all in the pants .
a roaster is a good thing to have .
waste of money and trust of amazon sellers .
it is very sturdy and exceeds my expectations .
someone told me we should filter our water .
not as nice as it looks on here .
i posted one tongue-in-check solution under the product photos .
the lavendar witch hazel is so much better .
i ordered these to use for a party .
i got this because of the high spf .
the pig is cute and it works great .
i am falling in love with this tiny device .
i like the quality of the construction over all .
the pants were all piled up on the floor .
it 's loaded with caffeine and not much else .
matter of fact it plays exactly like them almost .
the fabric is not worth sewing back up .
this second button is also the volume control .
i lightly filed the result with an emery board .
keep in mind this will affect air movement .
great low profile back up battery with a laser .
it never tells you which side to use .
i had one of these for my iphone3 .
i have not used the poaching trays yet .
the second unit died after about 5 uses .
it did not help my dandruff at all .
the right headphone speaker goes in and out .
it is always a hassle to download new books .
on high speed it is also a bit noisy .
what i received is not what i ordered .
seems like it will hold up for a while .
my daughter would love it if it actually worked .
i have a 3dsxl and these are perfect .
they are ok when viewed as small images .
will be purchasing another one for bbq rubs .
the calphalon racks come with different numbers of hooks .
read others tips and still had no luck .
looks great , coffee is good and stays warm .
needless to say we wo n't have one again .
belkin screen overlay for samsung infuse 4g phone .
the product arrived in time and as expected .
but my outer ear at times really hurts .
they are very sturdy and wash up beautifully .
i thought this second headset would fullfil my expectatives .
never leave it on with nothing in it .
this did not come in a matte finish .
i will not switch back to drip brews .
once again , i was sadly disappointed with deva .
the first one lasted about 5 months or so .
this is well within the return policy for amazon .
i checked the directions and nothing was listed .
this moka pot does the iced drinks perfectly .
this was exactly what i was looking for .
most of them were on the cheap side .
the grains of salt will not completely dissolve .
it ought to have been stopped then and there .
would be good on a boat or camper .
high-end stainless , does not fade in the dishwasher .
i do n't know how to describe it really .
i 'll have to buy another from another source .
i recievea breadmaker sometime back , and loved it .
if you need a scale , buy this one .
for the price , these are excellent speaker stands .
there is a technique to attaching the larger earbud .
worked great for a couple of months after that .
the spout is just a little difficult to clean .
makes great hamburger and ground pork for lobster sauce .
like any weight loss product you will be disappointed .
great for cooks with larger hands too -- guys .
i opened the box and found no manual .
these work fantastic for storing my laundry soap etc .
i found these pretty dry and not very flavorful .
but it has corn syrup and soy lecithin .
strongly advise - do not buy this blow dryer .
it drops my connection from time to time .
a large hand would be accomodated as well .
a winner as recommended by americas test kitchen .
i still cut meat on my regular board .
i was dissapointed at how quickly it fell apart .
really a poor product and kind of flimsy .
very handy ! i take it to work daily .
both started out incredibly good , cutting bones easily .
this is an idea whose time has not arrived .
i love this cookware for me and to entertain .
this is a very solid and well-designed grinder .
coffee machines every 6 month before buying this .
i was very dissappointed in this product from monste .
working like a champ to replace my original .
originally we gave this item a one star rating .
will try and return to buy an apple charger .
my wife said it looks like controlling ants .
i do n't know how can i use for .
only buy this for dogs with puppy teeth .
no bits of plastic/nylon peeling off or anything .
decided to try this product without much expectation .
it quickly looses suction from the filter blocking up .
first , the drm system is annoying and draconian .
i got this unit andher health has improved dramatically .
i suppose this game would appeal to certain kids .
there is a light scent , but nothing overpowering .
eventually the blade breaks off of the handle .
since then we have gotten several more little scratches .
so i bought these and he 's happy again .
it handles the dough very well and stays put .
i 'm using 55 gallon trash bags in it .
i just ca n't get excited about this game .
placed the product next to flea ridden pet bedding .
has enough power to almost provide 2 phone charges .
all plastic but gave off a metal vibe .
but they forgot to account for actual buyers .
so in my case the mouse side is empty .
nordicware manufactures the best bakeware i have ever seen .
the steel is of utmost quality and sharpness .
the texture is truly much like styrofoam packing peanuts .
a bit of a learning curve involved here .
so to me that is a very good deal .
the food comes out juicy and so tender .
this product has not smoothed out any wrinkles .
get warrior within or sands of time instead .
the armorsuit protects the front , back and sides .
however , i found it to be rather lame .
i think i will stick to saline nasal spray .
normal is about 15 minutes but can take longer .
they are better than any other gta game .
i would not recommend this product for energy .
i have been using these timers for years .
saw the set available and the rest was history .
and they are soo smooth it just feels lame .
i just use a little olive oil and kernels .
it was way too small at 7 weeks post-pardum .
i just wet a napkin and wipe it clean .
i have a cuisinart cake tester and this oxo .
it takes in water and is hard to drain .
my husband wanted this case for his samsung fascinate .
i just went out & bought a new ps3 .
i am very happy with the sound quality .
i think the faberware 4 egg poacher is great .
it 's small enough to fit in my purse .
it clings to your face from the wetness .
all of them are the plain-backed plywood variety now .
these do break but much less than normal dishware .
these look like the picture so rest assured .
but that just means they can use that amount .
i expected that an exfoliating glove would be rough .
i found these beans to be nothing special .
this is the best sweeper i have ever had .
you need to reset the modem to regain connection .
please kids toys should be free of toxic fumes .
both the timing and the temperature must be correct .
arrived and was in grat shape , no damage .
the utensil rack has greatly helped in this area .
no more annoying notices for every email you get .
this replacement looks and functions exactly like the original .
also buying it here may present challenges with warranty .
this food press is perfect for tomatoes and apples .
i would not recomend this vendor to anyone .
i bought this to have a few extras .
it makes it very hard to see the screen .
i would not recommend this toy to anybody .
well made and durable ; good quantity and price .
they draw very well and keep together great .
your only get 1 , not three as pictured .
i tried and it is just not good enough .
i have never grated ginger so quickly and effortlessly .
they pour great and hold a lot of liquid .
instead of spending over $ 100.00 to fix it .
i suggest a better design adn a case .
not the case and this will ruin your iphone .
use it daily for all garden products and cheese .
overall , i would say my skin is average .
the sparkles only flake off a little bit .
but they both say size 8 on the bottom .
there are simply none that get consistently good reviews .
this is like putting baby powder on your face .
the vanila was borderline ok on not being overwhelming .
the extra large feed tube is a time saver .
i just open it and got it off .
my 12 pound yorkie-poodle is fine with them .
in less than 3 hours they were cooked .
after trying both sticks , i have to ask .
we 'll see how long the second one lasts .
the pop-up is here and it 's in charge .
as one reviewer put it and i agree .
my filter queen has been retired to the basement .
the first thing we did was crush ice .
i hate putting a screen protector on my iphone .
it was turned off when not in use .
i will probably not ever use it again .
i had heard so much hype about it .
she said that this product does n't really work .
the color is exactly what is shown here .
do some serious research into what you want vs .
a ricer works much quicker with less waste .
i ordered three sets of these pyrex bowls .
i recommend these protective screen skins without reservation .
it does the job in the mean time .
it would have saved me hours of frustration .
this works great on my garmin nuvi 2450 .
a deeper bowl means less chance of a mess .
as a microphone it is average or below .
plugging in and taking out is a hassle .
very sad that i didnt get amazing results .
the cups of this bra are ridiculously small .
one of the sides did not heat up .
i will never buy clothing again on amazon .
this is just a little too low quality .
there is a flaw with the cable however .
i 'd be stretching to call them even tart .
but then two days later it was drained again .
i have an evo 4g lte from sprint .
installation was quick but signal range is extemely poor .
this mascara did make my lashes look great .
it was like eating particle board , or sawdust .
after reading the reviews here and around the web .
i really like cooking with a dutch oven .
it'smade excellent coconut ice cream , and rasberry sorbet .
when loaded the bag tilted away from my body .
the longer you have the more you find uses .
cleaning them is a bit of a pain .
i have had this for quite a while now .
i had to force myself to finish the container .
comparing the two , the german is miles ahead .
it cracked the first time i used it .
this led to burned sides the first time .
they need something sturdier like the kong ball .
works better than i initially gave it credit for .
i reviewed weewee pads and these are even worse .
really do n't see how anyone can use these .
i was thrilled & thought i had a winner .
no more washing the cutting board and the knife .
i mean customer who 'll buy it off me .
it also arrived when i expected it to .
amazon already has credited my account for the return .
i like the result after one night using it .
there was nothing of quality , us or not .
everyone i talked to said i should season it .
she uses them with all her blue tooth things .
the only down side is the sourdough setting .
the rebel wireless remote is not a good device .
this went to goodwill after the first use .
i loved upgrading the gloves and cool sword .
he got the little squirrels out right way .
i must say this pot makes the best espresso .
thank goodness it came with six of them ! .
sadly , all of the good things are gone .
so i am super happy with their durability .
once i figured it out all was well .
this product is exactly what is says it is .
out in the open air this radio is fine .
i hope that helps anyone who uses this pan .
but , it will probably not last very long .
this grip is so bad it was unusable .
i checked the bulb and switches and everything .
the high difficulty to perform necessary maneuvers kills it .
oxo has some good products.opens bottles and punches cans .
but i believe they will make improvements and changes .
it is very strong and was easy to assemble .
stick with the unit remote then adding these remotes .
all openings match with their intended jacks and buttons .
this needs to be pulled off of amazon .
it was sent very quickly and arrived perfectly .
not wanting to be without i got this one .
the bare-bones system does not come with any memory .
the other reviews about this salt is true .
i bought this to replace my old foreman grill .
they keep the dog dry when they stay on .
i purchased it and i 'm glad i did .
so i contacted both uk and us support .
these mini-loaves are 5.75 x 3 x 2 inches .
i have a large property and many animals .
but i think i will order two more .
i say the same thing about my dvr .
it has lasted for over a year so far .
i have to give it to anker so far .
the seal is good and feels well made .
they stack well in the cabinet or freezer .
say you 're putting a meal together after work .
this is definitely not the case with the pv520 .
looked like someone had tried to hide this fact .
this was my third purchase of this model .
it looks slick and feels well made by sony .
i always feel as though my phone is safe .
great as a job charger , so its good .
it is easy to assemble and works beautifully .
i honestly tried this stuff with an open mind .
i am awaiting a refund for this item .
when i got out it was all gone .
i finally gave up and uninstalled the game .
this small thing packs a lot of power .
cheese simply disappears into fluffy mounds within seconds .
the battery is brand new and barely used .
voice guided prompts make bluetooth setup a breeze .
i would n't recommend this for mixed girl curls .
plus the usb extension is always nice to have .
a four-hour show becomes two hours or even less .
i assumed it was due to them being dropped .
i can easily and confidently recommend this knife .
love the wider base and straighter sloped sides .
whoever designed this bag probably did n't use it .
they are prefect gifts for kids with tablet .
i just purchased this set and do like it .
this mum bundt cake pan is simply spectacular .
normally , i hate measuring utensils on key rings .
the inner part has ripped at the corner .
my husband is a huge fan of this popper .
and i was fairly happy , for a while .
this lens screamed garbage out of the box .
this may bother you less than it bothers me .
i 'd rather pay more and have it last .
i also used a digital converter box with this .
i love having these pyrex cups in varying sizes .
the see through lids are just great too .
most of the other reviews are reasonably accurate .
the edges of the swirls are crisp and clean .
learn to use it and you 'll like it .
this is exactly what i was looking for .
still , overall i consider it a worthwhile purchase .
i use simple mobile , its cheaper and faster .
the cup where the coffee is dispensed is worse .
normally use the whole organic tomatoes by glen muir .
the color is also more tan than the picture .
i use it for both my ipad and iphone .
it also cleans easily with hot soapy water .
i should have just bought one at joaann 's .
love this pan use it all the time .
i love hard as cell connected to 8 hours .
i read some reviewers said the handles bend .
these spoons are easy to hold and use .
i have used vick vaporizers for several years .
less likely to drop it than the phone alone .
unpacked it and plugged it into a charger .
i do n't have any problems with the turbo .
this box is absolutely perfect for what i intended .
you can type if you press really hard .
i had a west bend timer for years .
my motorola atrix 4g came with the snn5893a model .
amazon should stop selling this piece of junk .
he is 7 weeks old & breastfed and supplemented .
i would n't say it exactly looks good though .
this one is my current favorite for several reasons .
i guess i should be more specific.graphics - mediocre .
but for the price you will not find better .
i love that it takes up so little room .
the ingredients list says dried leek and onion powder .
i wanted a cheap black case for it .
works great good quality very satisfied with it .
seems to be as powerful as the old one .
and wonderful so that you can really cook .
i 've owned this crock pot for several years .
a picture is all you get to work with .
onegames i lost was due to unstoppable running back .
returned item due to poor construction of upper .
if you unplug them look out ! crazy loud .
this reminds me of the fiesta of my childhood .
a bit difficult to clean but not that difficult .
ordered it , and am very glad i did .
i have an iphone i use as my gps .
this one just did n't work well for me .
i asked when would it be repaired or replaced .
most new phones are going to soft buttons .
the size is perfect for food and snacks .
ok ok lets take it from the basics .
this dustbuster has plenty of power and works great .
to support this satellite industry is supporting cruelty .
we cleaned it with a cleaning tape , etc .
this is one magnificent gleaming bull of a grinder .
each press makes a new tone come out .
one of my more unfortunate purchases , of late .
much better than blackberry or ios 's included clients .
it works perfectly well for our 2-people daily issues .
these are much much easier to work with .
these vitamins are simply too hard to swallow .
this is king of the hill for measuring cups .
i grated some cheese in no time flat .
case works great and is still being used .
perhaps its a blast from the past memory .
we are excite to have another night like this .
it actually feels quite nice in my hands .
the quality and comfort has exceeded my expectations .
i like the amazon basics silicone cases much better .
the right sized whisk for the job at hand .
i have had this electric kettle for years .
this one is just a pleasure to use .
it also looks great and comes with mounting screws .
found all kinds of uses for this little pan .
it snaps onto the phone in two pieces .
it is very sturdy though and heat resistant .
this is durable and does a great job steaming .
but it pales in comparison to compressed air cans .
your ties definitely will not slip off this unit .
in fact they are half a wheel and hollow .
this is a very well made non-sticking skillet .
let me clarify - the microfiber is very sticky .
very well made and great protection for the phones .
do n't fall into the hype like i did .
the coffee is very good and we are particular .
the kernels begin popping within about a minute .
i use these microplane grater all the time .
if i have to , i will report back .
i would definitely recommend this whisk to anyone .
the only issue is that it muffles the sounds .
a few strokes and the blade is sharp .
i loved using this cradle for the phone .
i purchased this dvd player in june of 2004 .
it looks just awful under a tee shirt .
the cloth is big enough for single pass swipes .
when choosing colors they are also all different prices .
press it three times and you get 1 combo .
keeps the coffee hot all day at work .
this has made pasta making 100 times better .
one gratin recipe called for 3 grated potatoes .
bought this to replace a dead cordless vac .
there are much better tasting ones out there .
i had a totally bad experience with this router .
this is by far the best compact chopper .
absolutely a fantastic phone and what a deal .
the motor is powerful and does not bog down .
the lid was a plus and fits tightly .
what a waste of money-even if it was cheaper .
its a nice little addition we can all enjoy .
so that 's why 2 stars and not 1 .
probably okay for most just not for me .
and it would constantly lose and hunt for signal .
i doubt the product cost 25 cents to make .
i really liked the soft heat without a fan .
the air bubbles went away pretty quickly , too .
then one morning , the head broke right off .
so this seemed like an excellent gift for her .
this fact is not mentioned anywhere.a big disappointment .
the glass jar is thick and heavy as well .
they 're long enough to use on the grill .
there were n't cool machines that did amazing stuff .
all in all i love this spatula from kitchenaide .
as for me , i use each phone equally .
it seems regular fitted sheets are too long .
my hair seemed a little oily and looked darker .
i would buy it again if need be .
is very easy using and the color so beautiful .
easy to clean , brews in about 5 minutes .
there has been no further word from plantronics .
my wife and i bought ours in 2005 .
i 've already written a review for the seller .
now , that might seem like a small quibble .
got it for 20 $ on sale last year .
i was afraid i 'd be swimming in this .
i have now been using for a few months .
they feel like polyester and they are not soft .
i can change them for every outfit color .
they displayed all the individual bigger pieces instead .
your kitchen should n't be without at least one .
i do n't use the spatula very often now .
this is exactly what i was looking for .
the female end slides on snugly and stays put .
i love this knife ! so happy purchasing it .
anything you put in it will slide around .
i usually order medium gloves and have no problems .
ives apricot scrub that i had been using previously .
the best tasting coffee one can make period .
there also was some spotting/staining/blotchiness/unevenness that i could see .
not the end of the world by any means .
i was very happy with my usb car charger .
this knife is comfortable and does the job .
this spatula is useless for anything but decoration .
i have three of these and love them .
i could not get it to stay together .
it was awful for my dog to experience that .
not for the first time , i might say .
even the lowest setting makes it hard to breathe .
there is a store near me in so .
does fit oddly with a screen protector , though .
this thing works great for my iphone 4 .
too small for my melon , to be sure .
when amazon has them in stock , i buy .
i have done this for over ten years now .
it also works well as a serving bowl .
nice compact headphones for my travel tool kit .
this is not the program shown on tv .
it has a very conservative style to it .
it tastes like old grass clippings and tree bark .
one reviewer said that went away after a while .
first experience , but after using 1/2 the box .
these are bloody strong magnets for their size .
it does it job and does it well .
however , the wheel is a piece of junk .
the graphics seem to be be pretty good quality .
we had a lot of fun breaking this in .
then i do a quick wash with dishwashing detergent .
it does the job i need it to do .
i have never had a question go unanswered .
if something works okay that is good enough .
the watch died in less then 6 months .
they are fast delivery and cooperative on returns .
needed a car charger and found this one .
not happy with the shirt at all really .
i bought this for my motorola droid 3 .
the package for these cookies looks very inviting .
this little device has saved my life many times .
no wear on the pot after multiple uses .
there is a warning on the kitchen aid site .
thanks for reading and i hope this helps.tony .
i have had no issues with this unit .
buy it if you think you need it .
i like the fact that is a natural product .
i really enjoyed the taste of this product .
i probably will give it to gamestop or goodwill .
in my opinion the ped egg works waaaaaaay better .
but i still prefer their new model of caddy .
i cant see why people like this game .
i bought them and find them pretty annoying .
do n't you make the same mistake as well .
i hope this review it helpful to someone .
i bought this cable and it does n't work .
hollow in the middle , super super thick surround .
and my cakes look great with this tool .
i 've been using is for several years now .
only took a few uses before it broke .
setting 2x -4x ok but higher was a problem .
i love thestarmark treat dispensing pickle pocket for dogs .
not much longer than microwaver , but way better .
the pod is n't actually like a storage case .
i got into the habit of using the phone .
a lot thicker than the regular blow up beds .
i 'm plugging it right into the w510 thinkpad .
ok..been a palm customer for a few years here .
very good buy and very happy with it .
however they are fine for hamster/gerbil/rats in moderation .
i never saw one with a temperature control before .
i prefer more customers but it from amazon now .
i love to fix soups and stews in it .
the glass carafe finally broke and i bought this .
this breadmaker works much better than my last one .
not much to add to the other reviews .
these glasses are really wonderful for enjoying red wine .
these are fine though , and are more sturdy .
i will be switching to behind the neck headphones .
it 's big and feels heavy in the hands .
this brush does not hold up to repeated cleanings .
the kitchen paper towel dispenser just got replaced .
i guess you get what you pay for .
this scoop is the best ice cream scoop ever .
it worked perfect as i expected it to .
which is great news because it was always excellent .
i need one for every pan i have .
these cases are very nice for the price .
it came in very basic package and good condition .
the veggies , cut them into bite size pieces .
the bottom fingers are also in the way .
in all honesty this game just ins't very good .
this has n't affected its performance at all though .
we returned and did n't bother to try again .
i think for the price these things should work .
i often have to drive several hours by myself .
the previous one lasted 4 years on similar scenario .
after a few hours my ear was very sore .
the product is as described and fit great .
it is not easy to use for a beginner .
it doens't slip out of my hand easily .
could be an inch longer but its okay .
it is a real time saver in the kitchen .
seems durable and the recipes are pretty good .
i do n't see any downsides to owning one .
this is a sturdy and price worthy item .
works well and the stainless is of good quality .
this is the best knife we 've ever owned .
this toy is not even a justt ok quality .
space is two-dimensional - ... resource collection is uncreative .
i use mine for everything in the kitchen ! .
solid and easy to assemble , clean and use .
the edges are rolled as well for added strength .
only dislike is the mounting bracket for the phone .
anyway it 's useless with the fit it zip .
this fan is really doing a good job .
my product has a yet smaller usb like connector .
handles way to light weight for a heavy meal .
it 's a good investment for the long run .
the main reason is that it 's simply unrealistic .
i reordered and returned this one with no poblems .
maybe you can poison someones water supply with it .
they lose it because of lack of quality .
i have had it for about a month .
these work great at keeping the shower curtain up .
i wo n't be buying this one at all .
is just like putting on the oven racks .
ordered this charger after another brand did n't work .
i recommend them to anyone who wants thing sealed .
i am really , really disappointed in this product .
the mission and storyline are bogus and lame .
you get what you pay for with these .
maybe i just need to stick to tea .
there are better , equally affordable alternatives out there .
i would recommend this basic set to others .
my first one broke after a few months .
husband caught halibut which is a challenge to cook .
we melted the last baster we will ever melt .
in the past and had the same problem .
these are some of the best screen covers ever .
i switched permanently to the unscented arm and hammer .
i bought the dyson animal four years ago .
other than that they are great tasting peas .
i used it once and never used it again .
the fit in the foot area is ample .
i have been very dissatisfied with these products .
the defender case is good but has faults .
easy to use and was easy to assemble .
very good quality and much more than i expected .
high quaility connectors that fit properly into phone .
and yes , i have only used it once .
it cleans very quickly and asks for more .
ultimately , the temperature i was measuring became guesswork .
it will not work in a shallow frying pan .
not sure why people are raving about the scent .
i use it to cut fries and onions .
the triangular tool seems pretty useless so far .
they are very sturdy and worth every penny .
i 'm not sure how best to convey this .
no behavior changes in any of the four cats .
just remember that greasing this sucker is essential .
i wish the included pans were a nonstick surface .
it can record videos at 720p with continuous autofocus .
someone needs to correct this before customers give up .
i was excited to buy this for him .
luckily amazon is good about taking things back .
it is far smaller than i had anticipated .
amazon paid postage to return the broken ones .
it is hard to fasten all the hooks too .
this is such a great little ice cream maker .
there is no inner seal on this product .
why did you do this id ? no wait .
i like this because it is easy to use .
not to mention the thumb pocket was too small .
this has put me off the now brand entirely .
it even comes in a neat little leather charger/case .
makes hanging my work slacks and jeans a breeze .
i use tomtom on my iphone as a gps .
it increases the sound quality of my iphone significantly .
i had tough time with my asus fonepad .
i purchased these for camping and they are wonderful .
these coasters are exactly what i was looking for .
seems very durable and should hold up well .
guess the price of the vacuum was too cheap .
probably half a year and it will be useless .
the cradle can go both portrait and landscape .
but i would n't waste time doing this again .
a definite must-have if you are into coffee .
soap will strip the seasoning from the cast iron .
it stopped working after about 3 months though .
i wanted just a plain black soft gel case .
i bought this for calls in my house .
it gives one green light to show its working .
it was easy to install and works just great .
the seidio innocase is a much more elegant solution .
first off , this is considered a chinchilla wheel .
as a phone , good audio quality is important .
it takes some practice , but a good product .
very very sad what kitchenaid has come to .
ordered two cases and shes happy with them .
sight changes with every movement of the guide rod .
i was very disappointed when i received this phone .
we had the blender expire while making cookies .
the graphics are only good on the videos .
i cleaned the removable parts in the dishwasher .
i can only use this with a belt .
and i could n't be happier with my purchase .
so i bit the bullet and ordered the e7 .
this item looks great on my iphone 4 .
used for 6 months , no difference in smell .
cocoa butter kind of smells like cocoa - chocolate .
i absolutely love the flip out to switch on .
i can hear those i call really well .
ordered 2nd unit and it did the same thing .
will buy again , it was a great price .
you can bring the reticle in not anything else .
grease/fat runs out into the little trough as expected .
i never was able to figure out why .
my son received several toys for his first birthday .
i done that so its got to be electronics .
separate keyboard and touchpad save you desk space .
the second time , i figured this game out .
the edges were loose , not fitting at all .
this is a very good , quality made case .
they are shapeless and have very little cushion .
i am glad there are good replacement parts .
all that bouncing caused the rod to become unattached .
keeps the tea hot for a long time .
we generally walk five or six miles a day .
has way more suction than i was expecting .
the red part is coming off all the time .
do not spend your time looking for bundt pans .
it fits my samsung galaxy d700 phone beautifully .
now i have sent two back to amazon .
cup of espresso just so no one is confused .
i have been using this product for many years .
amazon hit a home run on this one .
noise cancelling seems barely better than my samsung hm1700.6 .
just not as nice as a morecostly one .
these sticks are n't ringed on the lower end .
dual paddles get every bit of flour from corners .
it is a beautiful addition to my kitchen .
secondly , the product was overly sweet for me .
this product did not help me at all .
i was very disappointed and returned the shirt .
stay away from the 2 burner fold & go .
it is so nice , that i like vacuuming .
just looking at it made us want to laugh .
it holds seven pint jars or four quart jars .
i think you should be able to breathe .
i like to mix and match the colors .
probably the best you can get in plastic .
has been sitting in my bathroom ever since .
i then added some taco mix using ground turkey .
it was beautiful having the two rooms coordinated .
the entire watch movement fell out of the band .
these silicone baking mats are awesome for baking .
& the food that comes off tastes great .
i was also missing a piece as well .
it really does work just like an infomercial .
the part was almost right , but completely wrong .
the cut is not what it used to be .
i bought this helicopter for my daughter 's birthday .
all of that just from opening the bag .
the sheers are great for triming plants and such .
the price was right and the knife is great .
plenty of war materials to get anyone happy .
i will not buy again and tempted to return .
this is something i have always wanted to try .
it has the mouth and fork feel of pasta .
this is the worst product ever anyone can buy .
i am moving on to try something else .
with this headset all the buttons work perfectly .
this is exactly what i was looking for .
i only wish jawbone had n't made any changes .
it squeaks and creeks when the motor turns .
cleanup is also a pain with all the parts .
one more reason not to purchase this again .
very nice set of shinny stainless steel cups .
i should have read the ingredients more carefully .
they work very nicely with small-to-medium bits of food .
i think those people probably had a faulty installation .
i am looking to get another one very soon .
but i will soon order island dreams by figi .
this is where the hose from hades comes in .
this is a great value that wont disappoint .
and the battery was dead within half an hour .
it will store the item without any spillage .
supposed to be a bargain but it is n't .
i have had one for a lot of years .
by the second morning they were completely gone .
these are a bit small in the crotch area .
i 'm loving it and the quality is great .
however , was pleasantly surprised when i received it .
it is very easy to use and clean .
omg i made the mistake of buying this game .
i would recommend this especially for the low price .
this is really only seen when cooking pasta .
heaven only knows how long that was the case .
i found it just works faster that way .
the barricade router has been a complete nightmare .
product was as described and arrived very quickly .
i used this wax on my homemade cheddar cheese .
doubt i will find any use for it ! .
i wish i had gotten the all plastic one .
my dog really wanted to love this toy .
you would be better off with something else .
shoes were still about a half size too small .
peeling is 100 times easier over those side peelers .
proud to have this addition in my kitchen .
the old super orange was fine - 3 stars .
okay this was nothing like the 5 star review .
what you get with the sony clie sl10 are:1 .
great deal , i love it and recommend it .
brita pitchers come in all shapes and sizes .
then i tried one last time with the 1701-e .
but i am always willing to try something new .
to pricey but it 's heavy and works well .
go buy some suave and save yourself the money .
it was a good price on a speck product .
i especially like the droid 's full exchange support .
easy to get your phone out in a hurry .
this string is really strong and easy to tie .
they are still obsessed with our cell phones .
but once i rinsed my hair that changed .
the following things are true about the mw600:1 .
takes up too much room for my taste/ .
i gave up and use regular old measuring cups .
and the head strap broke in the middle .
came right on time for my new iphone .
my secretary jammed it and all the pins broke .
you can not go wrong with this product .
i use them daily for streaming music at work .
the sound is just too hard to our liking .
the back cover fits perfectly and protects my ipad .
the ring is just too hard i think .
i needed 2 batteries for my evo 4g phones .
love the way it helps me in the kitchen .
i love these and they work for all activities .
the grip is exactly what my arthritic hand needed .
the bottom plate is thinner on this nonstick .
all of which are displayed in miniscule text .
set the time and date on the watch .
especially since i do so much baking and cooking .
he keeps on running until he hits something .
not a fan of the herbal mix at all .
for this price , it is really really cute .
was very pleased with the quality and construction .
now the latest expect delivery day is dec 26th .
but this does not work on my groundhog .
it does what it says guards and or protects .
there is no 1-800 number offered for support .
i would say that it is a good phone .
item received on time in a good packaging .
i think this will last for a while .
so no more cow femurs for me or her .
my living room had to be mopped daily .
easy to clean , deep enough for tall items .
i was expectcing a lightweight easy to wear garment .
it really holds a solid connection with the phone .
right away i noticed the heating function is undetectable .
i like the compact storage tin as well .
people are constantly saying that i 'm breaking up .
does a great job and easy to clean up .
they have a well-deserved reputation for durability and performance .
unfortunately they did n't live up to the need .
they should have named it honey ginger spicy sauce .
i then kept adding more and more mix .
i usually put my phone in my pocket .
my lips were chapped , but he was happy .
ammo is terrible scarce , even on easy mode .
substantial blade with the signature global razor sharp blade .
after reading the reviews i opted for this one .
it is one of my daughter 's favorite toys .
soft and cuddly , but too snug for me .
i will use sand bags from now on .
i will never buy another palm product again .
i easily found cheaper products in local stores .
it was like an add-on pack at best .
you just walk or drive around the city .
just go to your local beauty store or sally .
it is almost like a sea foam green .
the handle is a nice touch as well .
nothing seems to fit any more even slippers .
i bought this to use with my iphone 3g .
we have a large set and all-clad is excellent .
they are cheap and work for what i need .
until recently i loved them on my 10/22 .
i wanted it to be a little better quality .
this is the perfect bluetooth headset so far .
i liked this so much , i bought another .
i explained the problem and amazon refunded my money .
we use it exclusively for our master bath .
not expensive so it will just collect dust .
there are pros and cons to thin cases .
most of the tender locs have broken couplers .
and once i exhaust i will not restock .
i love the reusable filter for so many reasons .
just not worth purchasing if they break easily .
i would give this no stars if i could .
i just use the one that comes with blender .
the lyrics of songs are almost impossible to hear .
we ground some berries and made some great bread .
the battery case looks stylish and charges me up .
i do polymer clays and high fire clays .
this bumper fit my iphone 4 like a glove .
my daughter makes the best out of this purchase .
it 's a round solid bottom carbon steel wok .
this item should be no more than $ 2.00 .
i will let you know how that goes .
i have not tried them in different guns .
should have listened to the other bad reviews .
buy the baby grand piano by fisher price .
the products arrived promptly and work as advertised .
i think they are going to love them .
in either case it did n't help at all .
they are just sitting in my drawers now .
this got the machine clean as a whistle .
my phillips headphones also work fine through the case .
goopy and yucky , never buying waterproof anything again .
wife got a pink one and she loves it .
i recommend that everyone have at least one .
each button controls a wheel of the vehicle .
we inflated it once again and left it .
i had this exact same model for years .
crocs shoes are a different animal than most shoes .
the iphone is nothing compared to the samsung infuse .
i went switched to pocket pc in january .
of course the camera is very good , too .
i had looked forward to this game for months .
i have used peat pods for years now .
this will be our third misto gourment sprayer .
this really works in popping popcorn without oil .
i am very happy with this jambox bluetooth speaker .
this is an anchor brand glass batter bowl .
this case came and it looked so bad .
one for my laptop and one for my wifes .
others offer protection but price is an issue .
and was a bit of a mess to apply .
but it works nice for my other items .
this device does not cancel out background noise .
my problem with the product is inadequate spot-welding .
it does not have metal buttons as pictured .
please do n't buy this - do your research .
before i gave them 5 stars , not now .
this colander is very high quality and sturdy .
it was the most uncomfortable belt i have owned .
you should also be doing crunches at this stage .
i will follow up if i have trouble .
each time within a month the plastic has cracked .
i found it way too weak for my taste .
then it is good for 8 to 12 hours .
if they hold zero i would be amazed .
i want to stress that it is lead free .
the best things about it even make it worse .
i would suggest another option a rechargeable option .
just make sure you buy the right one .
trying to clean it off was even worse .
if any thing changes i will update this .
and the moshi moshi is deep inside the house .
i will buy another if i ever need to .
i did purchase for my new galaxy s4 though .
much bigger than the phone , mainly in thickness .
it is also nice and small to store .
this thing is neat but just not functional .
pyrex is crystal clear and cleans up beautifully .
nice size and easy to hold on to .
we bought this unit after researching several options .
i looked long and hard before i purchased this .
definitely recommend as you see is what you get .
after twisting on it twice i stripped it out .
so i vacuum more frequent because of the conveniency .
so i had to purchase a new one .
you may very well get lucky with this .
they have a very simple and well-marked control interface .
lets do this ... .presentation -~~~~~graphics = theyre alright .
this set is the best of both worlds .
this product feels great when you put it on .
you need two hands but it seals air/liquid tight .
i got them yesterday and already i love them .
2.1 amps.i took off one star for the price .
i had a good result with some craft goop.5 .
messy pan and spashes all over the oven .
it _never_ stopped alternating between connected and disconnected .
both taste and texture did not appeal to me .
the oven knob just clicks when you turn it .
it has a lot of antioxidants like omega3s .
if you unwrap the cable the tie falls off .
i got this for my husband , heloves it .
bought it for the moment just to get by .
it is still working to this very day .
first off i 'm not trashing this quality wise .
it is just too damned big for me .
i bought the original jawbone headset in 2007 .
will now be looking for a different watch .
it smells cheap and is way too strong .
i guess things have really deteriorated in pana-vue land .
the screen protector went on easily and fit nicely .
now we only need one charger for both items .
does not require any great strength to squeeze lemons .
i got this back scratcher for christmas stocking .
the imp880 replaces a smaller charger called the imp500 .
they are a good weight and very balanced .
a little super glue works to solve the problem .
i could n't believe how terrible this game was .
grease goes into the grease tray , works nice .
blows the fuses every time i use it .
i have had not one problem with this .
the dust cup is of a pretty good size .
eggs seem to like to stick to those .
the wipes are messy and do not help .
not much else other than that to say .
this motorola dual charger gets the job done .
the filter itself works great out of the box .
i bought these at $ 2.09 with free shipping .
what a pleasure this sharpener is to use .
my husband thought i was crazy for ordering these .
in my home i keep it in my oven .
i now have this in my personal vehicle .
i had these for years and they worked great .
the netgear fa-310 is one of their biggest problems .
a nice small size that will fit anywhere .
it took about 1 hour to put together .
i use these for everything in the kitchen .
it is a stainless steel unit of commercial quality .
throughout the years my flutes have gotten broken .
i would also greatly welcome a glass version .
they are not very translucent , if that matters .
using a skin tool caused scarring and more breakouts .
they are just as represented in the picture .
perfectly seasoned and amazing for a burger too .
my daughter was very pleased with the color .
i like that a lot ! very thick pottery .
the vitamix company claims this is a juicer .
musicmatch is a horrible program.oh , one more thing .
i am sticking with clearasil deep pore cleansing mask .
i started using these yesterday and have been happy .
i am not afraid of strong ginger flavor .
our dog has absolutely no interest in this .
i put it in the garbage the same day .
we use them both pretty much every day .
so much static , and it ruins the quality .
i received the boots and tried them on .
very sharp and well made , comfortable to hold .
led lights when the phone is plugged in .
i never used this type of coconut oil before .
i 've been using this for about a year .
when i received it , it was already broken .
get the moto v600 if you want t-mobile .
lots of good meals will be made on this .
overall a great addition to my kitchen arsenal .
these are not flimsy and a very good size .
it worked for about a day , and kaput .
i had ordered two separate pairs of earrings .
26 ) and the screen protectors themselves are great .
it is smooth and cuts the lid off well .
it was crystal clear and had good bass .
i do n't think i can live with this .
it is an attractive addition to your counter top .
i have them in the nylon tips and metal .
this holder lasted about a week and then disintegrated .
first impression was the clever engineering of this machine:1 .
needs to be much thicker and hole larger .
go to lakeshore learning for a better mic .
i love this , i cook everything with it .
i can not recommend these for flat bar bikes .
first if i could have rated this zero stars .
the color i got with this product was awful .
cook until your angel tells you it is ready .
i remember back when the ball had some mass .
now i have 12 different colors to choose from .
this is an excellent kitchen essential.an epicurean bon appetite .
pyrex is extremely reliable as far as quality .
i got these to take off my gelish manicure .
ups delivery men will throw your package around .
it is not a simple apply and wipe .
great for a few uses- but not durable .
i know nothing pushed on the reset button .
the color of this is n't what it shows .
the menu system is very unintuitive and boring .
the majority of homeopathic remedies are extremely reasonably priced .
this replacement battery is the same as the original .
the clothing sucks so bad in this game .
it is round and so many are square .
the wisk end is press fit into the shaft .
highly recommend this to every waffle fan out there .
i gave up with it and threw it away .
it fits too tightly and is very uncomfortable .
there was a coating but not enough flavor .
i used this for the full amount of time .
try out the flash when taking a photo .
got burned bad with a generic a while back .
i have never had one sound so bad .
they seem to be robust and well built .
the feel of a knife is very personal .
the screens are easier to clean than the trays .
it keeps my hand warm in the cold winter .
and i like my pasta with no fuss .
just received a call from her re the charger .
after a week i removed it and tossed it .
it 's plastic but has a real metallic look .
i also purchased the otterbox defender for the atrix .
our toddler also loves the little bear design .
very disappointing especially since this was a gift .
i hope that means the end of them .
charges perfectly and is really well made and handy .
that is always when you need it most .
i want the best quality for the lowest price .
i take it everywhere and has performed marvelously .
looks nice and sits a good angle on stand .
they 're really not that important which is odd .
the unit i received from bestdealusa was defective .
but it 's not one of the enjoyable dishes .
the product will not stay attached to the screen .
it is made out of a pretty solid plastic .
please kiss my face , do something about this .
these protectors are way too hard to put on .
i put my clothes on it and it collapsed .
these batteries will not charge while in my phone .
just 1 dose has me doubled over in pain .
it looks very attractive sitting on my countertop .
the case fits perfectly snug around the phone .
its lumbar support is easily adjustable and first rate .
i 'm not even sure where it is anymore .
you probably read many of the other reviews .
takes up space and never got played with .
so i returned it without even opening the box .
fits tightly for a month or two anyway .
biggest complaint is probably the seemingly small sensors .
this one will be coming out much more frequently .
i love these rings and i will buy again .
they were not a good buy for me .
the company gave me a refund on the adapter .
this holding spray does nothing for my hair .
later , it got replaced with tecmo super bowl .
they love the taste and smell of them .
i am so glad i bought this item .
it has loud speakers and eliminates background noises .
i purchased my first iphone 4s in february 2012 .
i sent them back and was very disappointed .
i have bought this item a few times .
even better is that it doesnt weigh anything .
reduce dosage or discontinue use if this occurs .
it left my hair weighted down and greasy looking .
i like the taste of brita the best .
i decided to go with a samsung product.outstanding .
they 're made out of not particularly dog-friendly ingredients .
decent design , but does hug the phone well .
slightly noticeable delay in charging the playbook though .
both are easy to put oh the iphone4 .
what could possibly be wrong with cupcake cups .
wished i had more than one fish to descale .
this is a classic skillet , with sloping sides .
anyway , ultrasound can come off base as well.5 .
seller was great and item did arrive on time .
the imp120d is a 5 out of 5 .
let the pan heat up before adding the oil .
going left to right was not happening with me .
they were a fun item for our christmas stockings .
it is so much more than just non stick .
it is not easy to squeak at all .
will explore better alternatives on my next purchase.1/5 .
i like ice cream scoops like this product .
i have used this coffee grinder for years .
within two uses they started separating at the seam .
this one has a cool modern look to it .
the races in that game are very different .
they started falling apart after a week too .
the flavor is more oily than butter like .
you really ca n't go wrong for the price .
the armor case is solidly built , high quality .
they do make my morning juice look cool .
i come to realize that this is it .
they are crisp but they are like crisp air .
i washed and cared for them as directed .
i think it is well woth money spent .
definitely a great gadget every kitchen should have .
i purchased the verizon version of the sleek amplifier .
the poop removal mechanism is much better designed .
i get the limited or no network access message .
another reviewer said the bowls were too small .
most of the levels look like abandoned cities .
my wife and i love this spice carousel .
i had such high hopes for this garment .
i am returning and will find a larger size .
we have been using them for about a month .
it smells like alcohol and burns my eyes .
when the dog barked the device sprayed him .
i got the metal handle with the plastic connectors .
so my review is based on freshly ground coffee .
this works better than most expensive model i bought .
i had to send them back today 4/24/14 .
it was better to just make it with yarn .
you would think this was an otter box .
it did a good job sharpening my knives .
maybe i should let my grandchildren play with it .
the really hard part was opening the ipod .
i 'll chalk it up to a quality problem .
no sugar added and whole grain..not any more .
it is much more comfortable in the hand .
the chicken pieces were white and well portioned .
i buy one for every phone i get .
had to reorder just a regular heating pad .
this is precisely what i was looking for .
switched to tdk and almost always works fine .
this may be a once-a-week blend for me .
i could not use it on a daily basis .
i love amazon but wish they were more consistent .
it fits snugly into the hole and stays put .
last time i was careless and ruined it .
i use this all the time in my car .
so i bought it.i love it so far .
i guess you get what you paid for .
i 've used nature made 5mg with good success .
i love the look and weight of the glasses .
it cuts everything as thinly as i want .
they seem to make the best protective case .
yep , the hoover works just fine for us .
the moka makes a smooth cup of espresso .
i use it to remove film from warmed milk .
i am pleased with my decision to order .
the handle feels like a piece of junk .
bruce cambell as usual is a top notch narrator .
i kept thinking i must be doing something wrong .
lara still looks like the same old lara .
the belkin liveaction grip attaches to the phone firmly .
have n't noticed difference between this and oem batteries .
i 'm very happy with it for this use .
it boils in shorter time than on the stove .
look forward to using it for years to come .
the adapter however has long way to go .
seems this happened to a lot of units .
quite simply the best spatula on the market .
it has black rubber ends and in the middle .
i have been using hydroxatone for over a month .
we charge a samsung and iphone using this outlet .
you have your respective vials , you apply them .
very clean with no run-down.i highly recommend this product .
i do n't think i would buy it again .
one of my bands split and came off .
one of the hinges on the arms had bent .
first , i am reviewing the meat-grinding part only .
takes up very little space , and is convenient .
this coffee grinder is a great buy on amazon .
but it also has a really big flaw .
i found that grinding meats to be very useful .
for regular olive oil it may be okay .
would probably be much better for short haired girls .
we threw it out and bought a real one .
i plan to replace it only once per year .
very disappointed , especially for an item this expensive .
add 1/2 c to the bowl and pop .
it was very disappointing since they are so cute .
it does not neutralize ammonia , nitrate or nitrite .
it fits the iphone 4 & 4s perfectly .
not on the floor or in the corner .
my 49 lbs dog nearly swallowed this toy .
i am having doubts about the brands quality .
such as port forwarding , ip addressing and more .
it does n't even tastes like a gross shake .
this works great for 4 to 5 feet .
i always try to buy a 1 yr .
you still have to plug in the phone .
it only has four buttons and a touch screen .
power button failed and could not power down .
shame on you microsoft , and shame on ubisoft .
it is surprisingly cheap and extremely good quality .
seems like it would be a no-brainer to me .
the fabric is similar to re-usable grocery bags .
maybe more hard floors will equal more interest .
at least the lip gives your wrist some guidance .
i would n't buy them again due to this .
the extra on board power outlets are nice too .
this canner works great for water bath processing .
stirring and stirring and stirring hot , bubbling sugar .
i have no idea if they are any good .
seems a bit odd of a response from them .
they 're easy to clean and easy to use .
but that could all change in a heart beat .
this is fun and it works pretty well .
i saw no noticeable results and was n't impressed .
i highly discourage anyone from getting this unit .
she was a rescue that had been dumped .
then i guess this is the game for you .
this is the worst blade i have ever seen .
this is a great looking case for the price .
actually bought three over the course of two years .
at best , you can call it percolator grind .
i do n't think he ever plays with it .
both of the squeakers broke within the first day .
and offers no nutritional information anywhere on its site,3 .
they say it can but that is not true .
they can be handed down through the family .
that would make this a 5/5 for sure .
please spend your money on a better brand .
the best case cover for the cost out their .
others on the net are having similar troubles .
such a great price for excellent quality cookware .
i am replacing all my cookware with this type .
these stones are bottom of the barrel in quality .
i must admit this is a good product .
i use it with an nec voip softphone .
the second one quit working properly very quickly also .
i got a new one sent out quickly .
they have a comfortable weight & beautiful design .
these are large and not what i was expecting .
i bought these because i joined a masters team .
just sitting there running the clock will kill batteries .
this is the 3rd brita filter-pitcher i 've bought .
next bite was like an entirely different product .
i wish i had ordered more the first time .
fill the inside and replace with just the top .
why not ? cause they want to sell it .
great conversation piece on my desk at work .
it works in the car and at home .
it 'll always travel with me from now on .
not worth a dime if you ask me .
i wish i 'd read reviews before buying this .
i use it to make chinese green onion cake .
does not take up much room in the kitchen .
this was a great idea , but poor product .
it comes with an eye remover on the side .
this has made noodle making a lot easier .
got this for my 87 year old dad .
i still kind of hang out at the sides .
the item description does indicate which your buying .
this is the reason i took off one star .
would n't even know he was using a headset .
this was shipped all the way from hong kong .
she was very happy with the caddy set .
knowing more about safety and what i wanted helped .
thanks amazon readers for posting your helpful information .
10 minutes later i pulled out the pot .
it said the cup size worked for b-h .
it was n't even decent as a back scratcher .
they vomited food first , then bright red blood .
it works great though , once it heats up .
i 'd rather use oil of olay from cvs .
that totals at least six hours of hot coffee .
i like that it makes good sized patties .
these stickers are very cute and easy to apply .
the music or whatever it was is awful .
it 's easier to use a standard optical mouse .
i sent it back for a refund.happy shopping ! .
you get what you pay for i guess .
we thought that the taste was very good .
i would be wise not to buy it again .
that will clog the basket and create the overflow .
they are definitely one of our favorite wedding gifts .
for this much money , they should be.very disappointed .
to say we were disappointed is an understatement .
this is a big mistake on amazon 's part .
i like the case and would recommend it .
i bought them to keep my coffee beans in .
i thought this would smell like cookies or sweet .
none of the screen protectors turned out right .
well i am completely dissatisfied by this purchase .
i am pissed i do not recommend this heater .
i have been on candex a year now .
works great charging 2 devices at the same time .
each of which has lasted only a short while .
large enough for bread loaf plus additional baked goods .
makes great uniform balls and works well on tomatoes .
it has a lot going on in one box .
good price for regular hot air popcorn popper .
i do n't know how or why it works .
it does charge and do data without problem .
the color blends well and does not stand out .
i use it as spare set for my phone .
it was badly made in every possible way .
it is very handy and protects my phone well .
i have nothing but cons for this product .
i never seem to use all of the length .
you literally walk down a path the whole time .
the magnetic flap is also a really nice touch .
it has the weight of the traditional bundt pans .
it was totally separated and makes the case unusable .
why it is called a skillet is beyond me .
pump it up , and it does just that .
i give the lego tie fighter 2 stars .
like a layer on top of my skin .
the only positive note is that navigation is easy .
take a look at your seatpost before ordering one .
they appear well made and not real flimsy .
following directions there were still bubbles under protector .
love this , even more than i had thought .
it works on my induction cooktop well also .
i feel my ipad somewhat slow-responsive to it .
the phone comes out of the case easily .
i usually wear large and i ordered large .
this is the most used pan in my collection .
warmer sounding than stock tubes in my ac15 .
after reading the other reviews i had high hopes .
its a good price and fit onto my phone .
she broke into tears after a short time .
i am so happy to make the correct decision .
the earbuds start to become uncomfortable after a while .
signal was strong but there was no internet connection .
i would give this a negative number if available .
then we needed to figure out the size .
the extra life of these batteries was overrated .
then it would be a perfect bread machine .
after much on-line research , i purchased this machine .
and let me give both pros and cons .
tape would come off with couple hours of wear .
for that , i am giving only 3 stars .
plastic tube - small squeaks - nice material .
but this toy was a real let down .
the thing is its imposible to take off .
even on the little desk/media trolley i have .
also really firm apples may break the handles .
for podcasts there is n't much of a difference .
they are perfect for a cat 's canned food .
i love it and use it nearly every day .
i have used their compound bow holders for years .
it is not recognized as a disc at all .
they still referred me to plantronics.com after 2 prompts .
i grind it before putting it into the pot .
i have to go back to the point .
it sticks well to my stainless steel sink .
this terk tv5 does n't work nearly as well .
so you have to be crafty with placement .
i 'm used to food that tastes like food .
i bought these to replace some old tin cups .
i do n't feel comfortable when it is on .
magnetic spice containers was on her xmas list .
i liked this product when i first got it .
the coffee tastes about the same with either .
i needed a durable case to match their exuberance .
not a very quality item even for $ 40 .
you get what you pay for in this case .
the chargers all broke in under a week .
the coasters sit nicely on display in this one .
this could of course happen the first time .
i got to use it for a month .
the product was reasonably priced and arrived on time .
always feeling like it was going to fall off .
large ear piece did not fit in my ear .
this is n't even close to the same taste .
the handle is tightened down with a simple knob .
should have known better because it was so inexpensive .
the coffee is kept nice and hot , however .
should 've tried it first.too thick - odd aftertaste .
i will buy other brands in the future .
your time would be better spent with those games .
the built is solid and the sound is wonderful .
this is an awful pair of wireless headphones ever .
first the swing control was poor and imprecise .
replacing the screen was easier than i imagined .
pours well and the cap is a twist seal .
steak tasted like fine quality restaurant steak houses .
you can put two batteries simultaneously in the mh-19 .
they fell apart and the powder was everywhere .
this product does not replace the authentic item .
it includes a new brewing section as well .
very happy with this case for my i3 .
good luck if your life depends on it ! .
this battery is much better than the stock one .
i am storing nuts in them on the counter .
i was hoping that this would be more substantial .
none of the other characters have much personality .
the graphics are horrible and the controls are cheap .
i tried numerous times to send it back .
their serrated knives can only be sharpened by cutco .
it feels a lot smoother then t3 and ttt .
the 9 speed function is just a marketing ploy .
the ones i bought previously were only in white .
i think the green grooming areas are too hard .
one would think it would not being cast iron .
i ended up throwing away half of it .
it was hard to disassemble and made a mess .
ever hear of a 30 day warranty ? garbage .
i purchase 12 and 4 do not work .
my grandson has broken a pot load of them .
personally i will never buy another kodak product .
i do n't recommend for using to prevent snoring .
this tamper looks good and does the job .
it also sits perfectly flat on my cooktop .
i felt nauseous almost all the time on zantrex .
two months later it still smells like bamboo .
i would buy this case again without question .
i was replacing another petsafe door with this one .
the weighted base and handset are sleek looking.2 .
cause the case doesnt even fit the phone .
but that is the flavor it gives me .
if i could reduce my rating , i would .
other than that it is a good product .
however , my hub died after 6-months of use .
i mostly use it to cut veggies and meats .
filling and emptying the tanks is logical and quick .
phone has been working well with new battery .
it 's become one of my favorite kitchen tools .
i have both electric grinder and this gadget .
i think wireless speed-only measurement is a sham .
it does not snap together properly on my phone .
they do n't build them like they use to .
you just turn the crank to puncture the can .
i am very happy to have found it ! .
4g implementation on the phone is far from ideal .
another pretty phone case that i really love .
the glue placed towards the end had failed .
i used two and quit before cutting my face .
they went above and beyond the call of duty .
i especially love that it is pink too .
third time and they landed in the trash .
certainly worth the price of avoiding wasting opened bottles .
it is fine if your sitting in quiet room .
i use on gas stove and out door grill .
i thought that i couldnt loose at this price .
this item does n't fit tight to the shoulders .
it also fits in your hand extremely well .
she 'll hand them down to the next generation .
i like the locking opener and the copper bottom .
i only bought it because it was black .
and his friends are worth paying attention to .
easy to use , even for my frail hands .
my dog is too big for this toy .
this drink has too much ginger for my taste .
must have for preparing chicken or veal saltimbocca .
all of them crapped out within a year .
it sucks so much it deserves caps lock complaints .
sorry but these round brushes are terrible for me .
the extra couple hundred mah over stock are nice .
they are not sharp as other reviews have stated .
the heaviness of the wire disguises the poor quality .
the carpet in one room is 15-20 years old .
when i went to screw it together ... .gently .
it will keep your attention for about 2 hours .
it is well made and offers great value .
prefer ceramic cookers to the oblong metallic models .
the nook built-in music player does n't allow sort .
i love the spice rack and the glass bottles .
plus , the drip pan is really cheap looking .
this toaster is definetly well worth the price .
i have 2 refrigerator/freezers and one standup freezer .
if you have dwarf hamsters , avoid this stuff .
beer and with the mixes the company sells .
it actually worked pretty good for about two weeks .
i suffered from stomach issues later that night .
i bought this for my blind gsd puppy .
neither ever went into a sink or dishwasher .
save your money and buy a different one .
i highly recommend this product to protect from scratches .
this helps the oven stay at a consistent temperature .
i originally gave the sangean dt-210 a good review .
screen is the most important part to protect .
i 'm allergic to scents like lavender and lilac .
i loved growing up with boost as a kid .
the customer support and service is top notch .
wish i had bought one a long time ago .
definitely comparable to otterbox for a lot less money .
i bought this just for the microwave steamer function .
this was my experience with the motorola atrix .
i give the book a 5 star rating .
the levels are all pretty small and pretty simple .
buy a spare battery and charge it with this .
this is a solid headset for the money .
it would not network lan or send internet .
i understand why some reviewers like the numerical pad .
i would rate that an easy 5 stars .
these dishes are easy , sturdy and light weight .
i love the little brush that comes with it .
i found two major flaws in the tent .
lords-3 ? not so much.stronghold spawned an expansion pack .
my cat seems to be allergic to these .
elefun did not work properly out of the box .
this battery ore than tripled my battery life .
my dogs sniff it and use the bathroomon them .
warms up quick for fast use and works efficiently .
this game gives real women a bad image .
this is exactly what i was looking for .
could not get to fit small sound hole .
i just gave up on it at that point .
the reticle started floating inside of the site .
i refuse to put that stuff in my body .
this one failed right out of the box .
i could control what i put on it .
too bad i was n't in the forty percentile .
my whole family is eating so much healthier .
upon receipt i was pleased with the color .
there 's never been a problem with the lamb .
they have obviously changed theirformula for making the glue .
that is why badger is better than most .
way to big to fit comfortably in my ear .
the phone recognize it as a regular charger .
a few days later , the other ear went .
i am definitely a cast iron skillet person .
this is the best invention since ball jars .
my daughter begged for this in the store .
nice large funnel with a strainer , if needed .
things slide out easily and it is sturdy .
it stop working properly after about three weeks .
i do n't even know where that may be .
plastic reservoir which i believe will last longer .
this face wash was just not for me .
this time i will not do with jbl .
bought for wife and works like a charm .
i use 1/3 cup of popcorn in it .
each cell holds up to 4 temporary numbers .
you want push email ? you can get it .
i do not see anything diffrence in any chargers .
the matte finish is really a nice touch .
but on windows vista the software installation produced errors .
this is the fifth time have bought this pot .
my dog broke the metal holder within 3 days .
do n't bother with the post topper at all .
must have when cooking with cast iron ! thanks .
the front is bright orange surrounded by black .
in person , it is just a dark purple .
i think that the title speaks for itself .
the case feels good and is light weight .
i saw this listed as purchased items to review .
because i left my college address to you guys .
the end of final fantasy as we know it .
this base coat is just terrible for my nails .
never fall down in 4 months of constant use .
it just gives you a headache and dizziness .
it works with both homemade and premade frozen pizzas .
there are better options out there that last longer .
well made and smooth and sturdy during cutting .
i have nothing bad to say about it .
its very difficult to pull it off also .
i have four cats and four litter boxes .
i tried cooking beef and almost got beef soup .
and then i shall go smash it to smithereens .
smell like burning rubber and are just plain ugly .
not sure if this really does anything it claims .
great if you 're not a real coffee drinker .
this is a great pan to cook with .
do yourslef a favor and do n't buy it .
it frizzed my hair and added not curls .
my son is just about 2 1/2 now .
i bought this and then upgraded my phone .
my cats still track litter well beyond the box .
i am also getting rpg maker 1 for christmas .
this scoop is great to use to make cookies .
we found this tool to be nearly useless .
i have two main problems with this toy .
i like the glass rather than the plastic .
still looking for a good meow mix replacement .
this machine is user friendly and making fun blends .
so , factor that into the cost of ownership .
varied gameplay , no chance.what a waste of time .
i do like the liquid version in the pump .
amazon has the best price for this model .
many gadgets for the kitchen are less than essential .
not worth the money even if it was free .
i have ground a lot of coffee in it .
this spice rack worked out good for the price .
looks and feels like it will last a lifetime .
been using a blender daily for years and years .
now the other side is starting to go .
but i do n't think the material accepts stains .
you can also use it without the base .
they used to have free support until just recently .
this is a fine quality garment storage bag .
it does protect your screen from the smudges .
they were a little on the hard side .
they make it so easy to bake & take .
but , the stainless is fairly easy to clean .
do not let younger campers use this product unsupervised .
i bought the nasaflo from my local walgreens .
makes me very happy to prepare healthy food .
much nicer than all the rest i 've seen .
even then , the controls were worse than gta .
i think this is unacceptable for optical products .
nice game but i was expecting a lot more .
my walkman doesn't.however , my walkman picks up stations .
castlevania is an impossibly-hard , overrated classic nes game .
this game was simply frustrating at every turn .
this is a decent product for the price .
thanks to hooverfor making a mom 's job easier .
i waited way too long to replace this .
realized i was short on wineglasses for thanksgiving .
it rests on the rim of the pot .
it is a great buy and awesome deal ! .
the case does little to protect the phone .
there are some locations that have almost no purpose .
i 'm sooo glad i finally have another.zwilling j.a .
if you cook -- you got ta have it .
i mean really who has a cd player anymore .
seems like it should , but just order 2 .
i will try it without attaching to wall .
quick and easy , also very efficient lemon squeezer .
calphalon has delivered great value at an excellent price .
do not spend your hard-earned money on this product .
it 's very durable but not so user friendly .
i got it to work for about a week .
if you like nuts , try the hazelnut one .
it was easy to line up and install .
bought the spray sense collar which works great .
i wish the mylar or whatever material was stronger .
it sucked up everything in sight and cleaned well .
personally this was the deal breaker for me .
some changes have been made over the years .
very compact design which make it easy to store .
foods cooked by convection tend to not dry out .
if stuff gets on it , you rinse it .
the manual is unclear and not well organized .
do not buy non stick angel food pan .
this toy was not a hit with my kids .
they are banned in other countries for a reason .
this is the best flatware i have owned .
you will still have to scrub and scrape .
well , otterbox has always been a tough brand .
these speakers cause a performance issue in my pc .
i made the pefect lumpy potatoes with this .
i can mumble softly and people hear me .
it as lasted me near 7 months now .
i got this for christmas 2 yrs ago .
it looks very sturdy and should last forever .
i tried everything to get rid of them .
good price on a roll of seal-a-meal bags .
i use it when i clean the outside refrig .
it is a metallic hot pink and very durable .
we both were not pleased with the taste .
i feel like my phone is well protected .
i am so perplexed by all the great reviews .
check my other review on the other brand .
i purchased this cable on november 12th , 2010 .
my regular walmart brand vitamins were better than this .
best case i have ever owned for my phone .
the concept is good and may work for others .
i ca n't believe what a deal this was .
beneficial to keep them from sticking to the pan .
the butterflies was the best quality of them all .
i was able to get the disk out .
good product but poor design in my opinion .
i am glad that amazon has great customer service .
even walking around outside did not get any bars .
it 's also pretty to look at even empty .
seems like good adhesive holding it in place .
they are a nice lightweight poly-carbonate with strong handles .
this has become my new iphone case of choice .
i bought this toy after reading the phenomenal reviews .
i no longer have to worry about this .
it fit perfectly with some room to spare .
msn messenger keeps disconnecting for no reason at all .
i read the reviews and then made the purchase .
the added protection allows me to have piece-of-mind .
consider your climate to make adjustments to ingredients .
light weight and feels good in my hands .
this cutter is a big improvement over a wheel .
i ended up with bannanna cream pot , ugh .
i must say that i love this toy .
i got rid of carpet because it is filthier .
the price was the main reason i bought this .
this is all i ever need for myself .
i thought it would be a softer rubbery plastic .
the am and sw sections are practically useless .
i had to wipe it down good before using .
for a low price , terrific bargain on amazon .
low frequency was pretty good on the 9's.comfort .
this did not work on my chrysler 300 .
my cats love running water from the faucet .
these are very pretty and not flimsy at all .
but this is cheap enough - buy two .
i am happy when things work out as expected .
it is also very easy to clean up .
it use to leak all over the place .
seemed like it took forever to get here .
easy to put on and does it 's job .
very sturdy and it does keep the coffee warm .
i would not recommend this phone to anyone .
french fries are a breeze with this disk .
at least it has some meat products in it .
the design is excellent and the pot is sturdy .
all the dust gets pulled out of the air .
i would not trust it in 15 degree weather .
be buying a couple small bowls as well .
think twice before you buy these non-slip headphones .
cleans up well and does its job well .
the logitech cordless trackball works much better for me .
i imagine in warm weather they would be hot .
i also thought the lace trim was itchy .
i expected a lot from docker for the price .
this was a cheap replica of an ncstar product .
this is my second purchase of these ladles .
very dissapointing because this stuff is not cheap .
my manicure was not fully dry at all .
this is an oem motorola battery with warranty .
however , this iron does do it for me .
i bought two of these and i regret it .
this new formula includes a wide spectrum sunscreen .
the blood and violence is just to intense .
you can see where the feathers are glued undeneath .
the other two reviewers got it mostly right .
i use this item with my samsung fascinate .
it was used on the lg optimus android phone .
i still have the car charger in the car .
it seemed alright at first , the first week .
i reviewed the size before i ordered it .
staying away from the attachments ensures a longer life .
barely past the knees , it was extremely tight .
i use it for almost everything i cook .
megaman x1 is alot better and so is x4 .
i found chocoperfections bars satisfy the sweet craving .
note the product description i 've pasted in below .
whoever thought this up never owned a dog .
price was cheap so it was n't worth returning .
there are no pieces of iron in any bottle .
reviews all tell the story of nokia loyalty .
its good battery and its gives you extended juice .
if she does i will make an update ! .
if not the sides turn purple in color .
this is the worst game we have ever purchased .
this product does not allow me to do that .
it keeps on sucking even with a full cup .
was very easy to connect and turn on .
this is a perfect for skimming foam from stocks .
maybe it 's more for larger birds like macaws .
for the price , this makes a great espresso .
also keeps it looking as good as new .
it also is much more comfortable to wear .
so in the future we will share one .
again this is common with all cases like these .
this color was so bright and i loved it .
that 's how i learned about the capresso grinder .
to be honest this is quiet a steal .
the 60th anniversary pan has a 4.5 inch depth .
please solve this problem as soon as possible .
and it was very unlikely to shatter if dropped .
works great as this battery fits in my wallet .
i am very happy with these drawer dividers .
very glad i chose this model with the attachments .
the fry basket leaves a bit to be desired .
i have always wanted a kitchen aid mixer .
it never worked from the day i recieved it .
i bought plain corn kernels in a bag .
i am never buying a sony product again .
dishwasher safe and a design that wo n't deteriorate .
that is why it pays to do some research .
the outer lip catches liquids and keeps spills contained .
wish it was a thinner and more flexible cable .
so this is not a good cable for ipad .
i ordered the chocolate sauce to try it .
both seemed pretty good and had reasonably good reviews .
i am in the process of returning this item .
the 2.1v2 subwoofer enclosure weighs a full 6 lbs .
logitech is not putting out the quality here .
will not keep 30 gallon one goldfish tank clean .
rub it across your arm and see for yourself .
the big problem : very rare but it happens .
in this and it 's really fun to experiment .
the xentris charger works perfectly with my galaxy nexus .
boker can kiss any of my future business goodbye .
i make sure to use distilled or filtered water .
years ago , i bought an imax power imp-500 .
perhaps i should have gone for a plastic version .
just another part of your traditional coffee experience .
i truly wish i had bought them years ago .
i was surprised by the most helpful negative review .
it 's a totally different beast of a game .
it took them about two months to do this .
its top notch and is really quite ingenious .
my ears are still ringing from my bowlful .
my dogs developed diarhea after two weeks of treatment .
there are a lot of bars on the market .
great product and excellent service from the supplier .
obvious comparisons are abound about the storm vs .
they are made to last and perform well .
i have to add my review to the rest .
has been almost a year i have this .
i like to finish everything no matter what .
nice color and size but not very durable .
this is most noticeable after eating or drinking .
it is hard to find a 3/4 cup though .
the oled screen is a marvel in itself .
but do n't count on it to be heavy-duty .
you can search for another item instead of .
this does a great job on those surfaces .
my foot runs betweena d and e width .
i heard some dogs eat them like treats .
nothing beats an a/c unit for power and dependability .
the droid should start getting the same quality soon .
typical drugstore fare- you get what you pay for .
its not the worst hedge trimmer i 've used .
1/2 hour later the tug a jug was broken .
the useage is limitd to bread and cold cuts .
this will also be my last waring purchase ever .
fits under sink , yet nice enough for anywhere .
i got these in part because of the warranty .
i 've made german potato pancakes in no time .
but i have been very happy with it .
it fits my iphone 4s perfectly and looks adorable .
never stayed in place and became a bother .
it does a nice job of shredding and slicing .
no , there was no one in the room .
everything is visible , easy to find and access .
they really need to make a larger set though .
it heats and maintains the cheese/chocolate really nicely .
get mystery of the abbey by days of wonder .
anyone with a pacemaker do not buy this ! .
there 's a reason the price is so low .
the though of drinking ship coffee was distressing .
the grip handle is a very nice bonus .
i do not know if my kids will like .
it is easy enough for her to handle .
this cuts through even the toughest sherbert with ease .
i have used their consumer and commercial quality .
it 's not sharp enough for the 24mpix sensor .
other reviewers have mentioned the same experience as well .
probably one of our more popular kitchen purchases .
never had a problem with the screen going blank .
amazon has the best prices and prompt shipping .
it has had no effect after 4 tries .
great quality and can easily recommend to others .
not vibrant colors as shown above at all .
this is a really good shelf for the price .
i have a variety of releases and tabs .
ended in the trash 3 weeks after it arrived .
and another i could never get to spray .
however , all other controls are accessible and work .
they put a ton of sucralose in them .
if you need a replacement charger look no further .
i carry in my purse without any damage whatsoever .
so i sugest you never get this game .
like many people said the knife shreds meat .
it is very hard maybe that was the problem .
and so , i got caught in the trap .
i got this to replace my original battery .
then charged iphone 5 from 15 - 100 % .
these head phones do not stay in your ear .
this is strong enough to accommodate all of them .
it 's a perfect size and shape for that .
for many years i have had minolta film camera/accessories .
i had this one for a couple of years .
it is the correct size for my sink .
i do n't know what the odd taste is .
this player worked really good when it worked .
she loves stringing beads and making necklaces and bracelets .
after experiencing the real deal this is a disappointment .
and it 's noticeable even under foundation and concealer .
product arrived on time and worked as advertised .
carry it in my car at all times .
so baggy and wide that it looked unprofessional .
easy to clean , this is a cooks dreamware .
at first he said he really liked the mask .
thanks otter box you have now completed me .
let 's get this out of the way first .
would probably be good for smaller hand gals .
box is very high quality and elegant look .
needless to say that does n't work for me .
wearability is none.i am sending it back to amazon .
the color and the texture is nice ; but .
it was a very good pruchase for the price .
and there never seems to be running room either .
wanted a good sulfate free shampoo and conditioner .
it has a less expensive dispostion about it .
i have had this mixer for two years now .
not at all.this was my first corazonas product .
the only problem for me is the coffee .
i have one for sale if anybody wants it .
i needed one to use for my phone .
he can not even look at it without shreeking .
the same style in the danskos fit just right .
the 'app ' for the camera is also bad .
got this item in a very fast time today .
i love that it works on wood and carpet .
if you have saltwater just skip this product entirely .
i just with the mat was a little bigger .
there is n't a single bite mark on them .
the rack itself is made of sturdy chromed wire .
however there is a price for that great coffee .
we both satisfy with its voice quality as well .
save yourself some money and do n't buy this .
in other words , it looks dated.lousy voice acting .
i ordered another set to keep on hand .
it smells great but tastes like flavored water .
it did a great job spinning the water out .
just couple times using it and it 's foggy .
hopefully it will still be around another 10 years .
the cat dancer toy was a waste of money .
she bakes and uses it all the time .
the coat came and it was really stiff .
it fits perfectly and the zebra print is pretty .
i work in and around large commercial vehicles .
nintendo next year will release their new gamecube .
these do what they say they will do .
the heat was a little light for me .
then i shoot crates and get more grenades .
a larger one does stay put as the driver .
it is like you are dragging rubber against rubber .
recording from the internal mics seems to work fine .
these are much sought after features by treo users .
bought it based off of the reviews and popularity .
i have had the sharpener for over 2 years .
this is the second honeywell that i have had .
the extended battery will not fit into the cradle .
seems they make it just too hard to do .
and for that i was already very grateful for .
i have gotten multiple charges from the trent charger .
of course i did have the carpets shampooed also .
love the retractable cord and the disposable filter bags .
save your money and time and avoid this product .
this headset works great with a hearing aide .
i 'm not taking a risk with my family .
c c c ( cheep china crap ) .
i just need to press a button to light .
and i am still using this nearly every day .
i would not recommend them because of the clasp .
it needs to be a whole lot firmer.3 .
every department needs help in a major way .
but right out of the box it didnt work .
it still cuts so easily and quickly and efficiently .
so i just turn it up 25 dgs more .
however , the response is not a good one .
for the price this gadget can not be beat .
i do not leave my blue tooth on .
brings a little touch of special to your phone .
works on our huge great room , no problem .
it is going in the give away bag .
item is to heavy , not ergonamically for hands .
its also great at collecting dust and grit .
it seems people are not using it correctly .
i prefer hand soap from bath & body works .
the matt itself does n't provide a lot cushion .
the smaller piece was very flimsy and broke .
it charges with the newer micro usb type plug .
it only allows you to hear other players .
they fit almost everything and do it very nicely .
right now i think i could live on popcorn .
would cost just as much to ship back .
after reading reviews i purchased this for my kitchen .
wish i had bought one 30 years ago .
you can find much better for much less .
this item sounded so good in previous reviews .
the calorie burnt counter is kcal vs regular calories .
there really was nothing impressive about the product .
on many occasions , even a lot more so .
we got this for my son 's 3rd birthday .
after the hair dried there was more shredding .
i use these with my chemex every morning .
beautifully crafted.an attractive and functional piece of fine machinery .
these earings broke a week after i got them .
your armpits have bacteria that give off a scent .
too wide at opening for me as well .
i have enough on hand to change at will .
i ordered this one and it was a winner .
the other one had dead pixels on the screen .
i was disappointed because it was not the same .
i bought the one gallon size for a terrarium .
seemed to break after a couple of years .
they miss steps and fail to register sometimes .
the flavor was too strong in this product .
this case is definately worth it for the price .
but , this little machine is not only cute .
huh ? it stays like that for 10 minutes .
it said what type of phones you can use .
my son did a few suggestions from the cards .
they are very will made and excellent quality .
so skip the otterbox step and save some money .
i had a plastic one for several years .
so glad i thought to look on amazon .
this is like a mood ring for your eggs .
they have the same seasoning and just as strong .
i think its not deep enough or locking ring .
this wash cleans pretty well and foams nicely .
i brought several because of the price for one .
color looks nice too , matches my barstool chairs .
this is an excellent product for the price .
also , they cancel out surrounding noises quite well .
i wish i had been okay with this .
i bought this for my grandson for his graduation .
not as thick as i expected but is ok .
but i wanted something longer and purchased a verteks .
this is a solid product at a good price .
it easily accommodates all of my different- sized cookbooks .
it worked really well for a month or two .
i will probably use it as a stand .
i did not like this product at all .
the highs are so so out of the box .
i began to avoid recipes calling for zest .
the result is a bubble-free film that looks great .
it is well made and easy to clean out .
these cables i received are a cheap chinese knockoff .
a simple internal bladder is all it would take .
applied too close to my face it becomes distracting .
this machine is just a joy to use .
the xbox gets hot but this is ridiculous .
super uncomfortable after any amount of time standing .
for me , they were a waste of money .
high quality charger , appears to be genuine motorola .
he has no complaints about the screen protectors .
this is cheap as in price and in quality .
1/2 and 2/3 on the one cup measure ) .
that will definitely damage the coating on the pan .
i love this ice cream maker for several reasons .
like my other oxo products , i love it .
this is for people who want mash food .
perfect for perfect coffee , particularly when you travel .
nice compact size and no complaints at all .
clean and dust the phone right before applying .
i plan on trying suave dry shampoo next .
not a bad bag for what it is .
then just leave heat on high or med .
the texture is good but the quality is bad .
i purchase the product based on the positive reviews .
the assembly seems loose but it gets no tighter .
that tool did a good job for us .
minus one star.way too pricey for all this .
this thing is not worth 30 dollars at all .
i surely will purchase again with this sellerthank you .
this one here is one of the worst .
both of these methods require very different grind sizes .
they do n't mention this in the ingredient list .
very easy to put phone in and take out .
it will only encourage companies to deceive customers .
i love the weight of calphalon as well .
the rest of the space widthwise is wasted space .
swipe down from the top of the screen .
these sandals run so small it is ridiculous .
that is not the case with the kitchenaid .
but i am having no problems with this headset .
i live alone now in a rather small house .
i will never buy another box of pasta again .
the garnet in the middle is a pretty setting .
this holds at least 50 bags if not more .
he managed to break it in 10 minutes .
i see many other reviews raving about the graphics .
other than that , it seems a quality pan .
not what i expected as far as ingredients .
even still some times the gps just wont work .
it was fully charged when it came in .
they could not be used or glued back together .
doesnt stay in the phone and doesnt charge either .
buyer beware of all health products with sensational claims .
by this point one cardinal tetra was dead .
these are great for entertaining and an easy meal .
i wo n't buy this or the rotor again .
use them for storage in refrigerator/freezer , for lunches .
i have used this 3 or 4 times .
it feels sturdy without being heavy or bulky .
other than that the picture quality stayed the same .
expensive knifes should be professionally sharpened once a year .
these plastic bowls simply do not hold up .
so much power in such a small item lol .
the applicator for this product has been changed .
this crate did not stand up to my dog .
i think it took me about 15 minutes .
i have a real problem with these patch cables .
it feels almost rubber but it 's very hard .
i think they are more for an ipad .
this case is on my wife 's iphone 4 .
i guess you get what you pay for .
this is great quality and fits everything perfectly .
i would not recommend this battery to anyone .
the rack is cool looking and pretty durable .
this is probably due to it 's universal fitting .
the product showed very well through the plastic container .
for the price though you cant go wrong .
you can barely tell you are wearing this thing .
just shell out the money for a better battery .
she paid $ 4 more than the amazon.com price .
at first these batteries hold a charge well .
but overall , a very good carafe coffee maker .
hard to disconnect and had a faulty connection .
the charger will even charge your original battery .
there is also no protection for your thumb .
the high polish of this stainless is beautiful .
it also comes with two jars -- 64 oz .
it takes off very little yet peels great .
what a great idea and a great gift .
great battery works well with my lg 800 cellphone .
bracelet is small like other reviews have said .
i gave my old phone to my young daughter .
it holds the kitchen accessories without a problem .
save your money and buy a better product .
you have got to love that kind of combination .
they are high grade stainless steel , not non-stick .
lasted just over 2 months and burnt out .
i also use the proper rice for the cooker .
it requires a pot with fairly tall sides .
the seller i bought it from was great .
how do i know ? i have an aquis .
it was definately the right move for us .
if i had a super-duper voodoo 7/7500 ect .
i just found this game to be kinda boring .
it is also great for cooking fluffy rice .
looked it up on amazon.com and saw the reviews .
no comparison to my evo 's built in stand .
the pricing is good only relative to competitors .
some smaller handles will pass through the holes .
can not complain in any way about this purchase .
hopefully this thing continues working for a long time .
we love it and so does my son .
i baked my first cake using these rounds yesterday .
aside from the hooks this is a wonderful item .
i figure i have bought my last strainer .
the commuter series seems like a partial case .
did not seem that way for the older version .
i mounted this scope on a ruger 77/17 hmr .
buy the focusrite interface or one of the others .
acutally this cooker can double as a steamer also .
this blue tooth stays in your ear nice .
this stuff seems to make no difference at all .
owned an earlier model of this same product .
dryer does not dry my hair well at all .
i mean really , it comes from an animal .
spend a little more and save the hassle .
it 's light weight and i love this cord .
pick another one that is n't produced in china .
this is fully functional , firmly gripping my iphone .
hope it lasts the summer and into next year .
fast delivery and good value for the price .
i currently have a rust stain in my sink .
the display is small and difficult to read .
this stick vacuum has exceeded all of my expectations .
now i have to go purchase a new one .
it stores upright in cabinets to save space .
it goes great with my stainless steal appliances .
i like it much better than the smaller types .
having an extra battery is insurance just in case .
this poncho is absolutely not what i expected .
i could only deal with this for 8 days .
would never own a cell phone without these .
i have owned calphalon exclusively for 6 years .
i lay the lids on loosely for microwaving .
i read the reviews on amazon for my smoker .
i am absolutely delighted with my chef 's casserole .
i needed a whisk and this fit the bill .
we will see if its worth the money .
the same that i wrote for the sewell .
it looks exactly like the one in the picture .
i guess it is just a matter of preference .
it gets much more use than the larger cuisinart .
the 3-yr-old found it too difficult to understand .
i like the desert essence a lot more .
nothing spectacular one way or the other about them .
i tried adjusting with the toggle with no success .
it is hot also and stays that way .
also , the holster secures the phone very well .
some are outstanding , while others are extremely weak .
definitely ruined my sharp picture on my phone .
definitely not worth the hassle and clean up .
on the good side , the sound is decent .
wtf ? spit would be better than this stuff .
i had a hot shot for many years .
got this filter for the brew station at work .
first , the case is near impossible to remove .
there is an outside ring and and inside ring .
nice hard case , fits well on iphone 4 .
in fact it 's perfect size for typing on .
i will have to return it i think .
like the way they snap together for storage .
so i did some reaerch and asked around .
my calls are so clear with this headset .
i have a couple of these in my kitchen .
item worked great for a about two weeks .
this item is ok for shotgun or pistol shooting .
plus , it seemed un-usually loud at any setting .
their craftsmanship and quality of their products is wonderful .
this case for the thunderbolt is no exception .
thankfully i took pictures and opened a return claim .
it works quickly and seems to be accurate .
but at least it was a bit lighter .
in the rental home , it could clean anything .
the device is charged with the included usb cable .
every feature of this case compliments the iphone .
a space saver for my small single apartment .
the computer has a runner on second base .
there are two negative points about this unit.1 .
no it does not leave marks on wood floors .
not a favorite of my 7 year old either .
it holds two bathrooms ' worth of cleaning supplies .
the ingredients are there but the amount is not .
interestingly , this headset does not fit small heads .
i bought the .5 % and am very happy .
the hook and loop certainly does fray over time .
i will be purchasing at least one more .
these 11 5/8 oval dishes are just great .
the end of the game has something new .
this car mount for cell phone is just great .
so yes i was and am kind of disapointed .
the filters were less than impressive as well .
i was just getting the hang of it .
then plastic parts began to break off of it .
the article said it was good spread on toast .
the lenses needed adjustment and there were ghosts/double images .
as far as protection goes it gets a zero .
this knife is the best all around length .
extremely pleased with the results it has yielded .
the only complait i have is the range .
the rail itself is canted to the right .
i made my entrance but its never there .
neither of us finished drinking our 4oz portion .
unless you are really hard up for some entertainment .
i bought the cheapest and it works just fine .
the mount has enough room for the phone only .
and this is as perfect at the old one .
these have a good weight and feel well-made .
reds used to be as good as the rush .
my scorched fingers are very grateful of this purchase .
this doesnt stay on my hair- it slides off .
worked good for a while , until it stopped .
way too stiff with a very hard insole .
my elderly mom uses this almost every day .
very few kernels unpopped and popcorn tastes great .
he purchased his first scanpan frying pan set yesterday .
just as expected it is a great mixing bowl .
and this stuff is much like the original .
either way the cats are not interested at all .
they do not shrink when using this either .
i bought this router about a year ago .
these things make using the larger ipad very easy .
eventually it broke about two months after purchase .
these towels are absolutely fantabulous for the price .
you cant beat this price for a seasoned skillet .
this thing makes a great cup of coffee .
for some reason it worked out terribly for me .
hydration was minimal compared to nutrogena oil free moisturizer .
even simple crumbs just roll off this teflon sheet .
they were easy to apply and no air bubbles .
this charger has been no exception to the rule .
the tip is hard plastic and very slick .
i ordered several gowns directly from their site .
i dont even use the $ 50 knife carrier .
i even have a signal in elevators and stairwells.2 .
this product is perfect for making large tarts .
no more flaking paint from my yellow juice press .
in my opinion this will offer better shock protection .
it just bothers more particular people like me .
it also has a limit of 32gb read capabilities .
all of them are pretty and are made great .
for christmas we got a lot of iron cookware .
i bought it mainly for my american bulldog .
but it is so overwhelming i ca n't breathe .
very cute and perfect for family less than four .
with caviar i experienced no change in hair whatsoever .
i think those are excellent products as well .
when these came i was so pleasantly surprised .
i am really glad i gave it a try .
they could n't have been nicer or more cooperative .
a perfect gift to go with the mixer .
i 'll be sticking with bosch for now on .
the latest stack that i bought is horribly unreliable .
you can beat lots of air into things .
then time caught up and passed palm by .
i paid more for the same earphones last year .
our family is not fond of mint teas .
i do n't know what is up with that .
she chewed right through it and chewed me .
first , the loading in this game is rediculous .
i truely wont buy it again , go calphalon .
this is my favorite cover i have owned .
i should have bought a better pump to start .
so far it is holding up and fits snug .
somewhat larger than i thought it would be .
i tried to make it fit but no go .
simple tech promised to exchange it for another .
the new trent was delivered in record time .
hurry and buy this now for your klr .
this little guy is super fast in brew time .
product only works with very very short cables .
we could never get the programming to work .
i 've also sprayed some solution on my screen .
the mm wipes clean with a damp paper towel .
water circulates more completely for a more flavorful tea .
but its good fro price as a backup battery .
after that it does what it supposed to .
but you may be a better spray-painter than i .
this came not very inflated to begin with .
it does charge through a third party charger .
i could not get this pump to work .
unfortunately there are fewer and fewer real trackballs available .
they keep their sharpening edge longer than the others .
my old zyliss expired after years of hard use .
the cars drive terribly , powerslide around every turn .
the components seem to be of good quality .
i 've always been a fan of lara croft .
it is a good value for the money spent .
great one-piece design which eliminates hassle of screw-on bottom2 .
this is one of the pitfalls of buying online .
way to dangerous for me to ever do that .
they made a carrot cake for their first tasking .
it 's a great product and a terrific value .
i love zebra print , and i love bling .
it does indeed work without being razor sharp .
the stainless steel construction promises years of heavy use .
i used only recipes specifically for a cookie press .
it 's ok but not the best for me .
this did n't even come close to cutting it .
everything was quality made , not at all flimsy .
it stays very stable on the counter when juicing .
the kids just ended up playing with them .
thoroughly dried it out and turned it on .
other than that it is a great product .
i would recommend you keep shopping for something else .
it took about 3 weeks to get the product .
the ship point purchase system does n't work right .
then after only 2 months it completely quit working .
the product came in a whole month late .
the brush depicted on the picture is not included .
the bra quickly lost shape with each wash .
the 8 '' size is the perfect general-use size .
also it tasted sweet in a weird way .
this was a birthday gift for my 2 yr .
i feel like this product will last forever ! .
the contents of the box just were lose .
i guess you get what you paid for .
i would highly recommend it for the price .
it starts steaming and slightly lifts the top up .
the formula clumped really badly and flaked as well .
i heard that they are doing smackdown vs .
i went strait to filling the steel coffee-basket itself .
at first i thought this was a good product .
it was disappointing , though they are still edible .
too bad they priced it like one too .
both sets of t shirts are a size large .
`` add some buzz-words and natural-sounding phrases and vitamins .
the results will be fluffier , and crisper waffles .
a smaller tip was ideal for her ear .
fast.not that hitting your enemies does any good .
i got the package and it was new condition .
i think it makes the most flavorful coffee .
seems to hold a charge & has clear reception .
my daughter reached out for the ice creams first .
the charger does what it is suppose to do .
i will be buying a more protective case .
in addition , the cups were strangely sideways sagging .
the lock button fell off in a week .
but the complaints about soft ice cream seem unfair .
i use is for more than deep frying .
this is not the place to discuss that .
i have a basic gas burner stove top .
the angels sing overhead when i use one .
it 's a shame because they are cute boxers .
the spoon is perfectly sized for my tastes .
not sure how i got along without them ! .
this is the perfect sweeper for hardwood floors .
in october they said they would send one out .
their puzzles are high quality and very sturdy .
the sound is quite impressive especially considering the price .
make sure you are in a dust free area .
going back to a brand i know works .
i had a storm 1 first it was bad .
i bought this case for my iphone 4s .
some people also use crisco or peanut oil .
it 's something you will find many uses for .
this is the best bluetooth device i have owned .
and you can even make cookies on it .
the handle is large and is comfortable to use .
jlab 's wired mobile-device bud fits my ear perfectly .
amazon is out of stock on the honda .
i think i actually did a happy dance .
it was so bad you would't believe it .
just remember - you get what you pay for .
this took quite some time to figure out .
would came out better buying padded bike shorts .
good luck and i hope it works for you .
most are either 1 star or 4 star .
i am african american with natural 4a hair .
these risebars taste like dates and nothing much else .
liked it so much i got a bigger one .
therefore , i personally do not like this pot .
the supplied allen wrench adusts for elevation and windage .
i do love the oven and the broiler .
it was expensive , but very well worth it .
after an initial splash , no water should flow .
i would compare this to a trojan condum .
i have had this unit for eleven years .
i finally gave up and returned the net .
cheap quality and very bad price for the item .
they have no idea how inexpensive they actually are .
im sure it works great for potatos too ! .
it is also easier to wash than a wheel .
i puchased this for my home video system .
these are the best inexpensive filters on the market .
this was the first phone that came to mind .
i only wish it would have lasted longer .
the problem is the unit is poor quality .
bucks but amazon should do better than this .
i had to take it to a taylor .
i dont understand all these rave reviews for it .
this trimmer does a great job in that respect.cons1 .
it looks great and is easy to assembly .
several have been dropped - nothing happened to them .
the kit arrived and was packaged very nicely .
it needs line of sight to work though .
so i question whether this is actually from samsung .
i never want to be without these knives .
super happy with customer service and product price .
no more naked coconut water , it taste horrible .
do n't even bother accepting them as a gift .
hopefully the plastic construction will last a while .
it holds it nicely and the fit is perfect .
in addition to the knowledgeable review written by m.m .
both of which were in the 90-95 % range .
one early morning it slipped out of my hands .
the eggs do not look at all real .
only time will tell if it is durable .
be careful of steam when opening it up .
i will shop around for a different brand .
stopped and packed the machine up for a return .
that warrants more than 3 stars these days .
each successive attempt was worse than the first .
i used it as directed for two weeks .
after a few years they still work great .
yhis is a bad way of doing business .
i have used homeopathics for a long time .
not designed to protect the phone from dropping .
i was unimpressed by how thin it was .
i 've had this boos block for three years .
you get what you pay for i guess .
this game at present is in terrible shape .
this is the 4th cat tree i have purchased .
tried giving this to my cat who hates baths .
but the steamer is exactly what i wanted .
they arrived promptly and the cost was reasonable .
we are switching back to triple pet plaque off .
it was cheap , and it has held up .
maybe when they 're older than 3 or 4 .
i charge it once every two weeks or so .
excellent for any item you are going to marinate .
i also enjoy a crusty heavy textured loaf .
i really had high hopes for this product .
i used it with panasonic phones which are great .
also the cloth strips it comes with suck .
they are easy to clean and easier to store .
it shines a bit , but mostly looks greasy .
this was a christmas gift for my two kids .
maybe the fluval which got pretty good/consistent reviews .
a great little protector case for your iphone .
the smell and texture were n't very appealing either .
check your needed size carefully before ordering a case .
the body partially converts ala to epa and dha .
it was designed to protect the valuable iphone .
pretty poor for a brand new hair dryer .
my st3500320as bricked itself today after 6 months .
i like the idea of the mutlipack like this .
had to pair with phone everytime you used it .
i 'll likely just buy a different harness altogether .
great quality and simple to use head piece .
i ordered 3 believing i would really like them .
purchased the usb cables needed to accomplish this .
i ordered two of these for my wireless controllers .
curly stretchable cord and looks just like the photo .
now i regret that decision to try it anyway .
every piece in the kit is extremely light weight .
runs smaller than my other es shoes , returned .
okay - the whole concept is a great idea .
this battery is an over-priced piece of junk .
but it does make a great pot of coffee .
this happened again following two more follow-up messages .
i purchased this smaller one for the versitile .
i 'll go back to eating raw pumpkin seeds .
didnt even get to reel in the line .
however , this was offerred on the vine program .
please be forewarned these clamps are like alligator teeth .
i am very satisfied with the hoover steamvac .
just continue buying ice cream from the grocery store .
this sharpener does not work with a thick blade .
can have screen down and will not touch surface .
it also made a mess so we returned it .
this 24/7 one was the one i just pitched .
i never had any problem with my iphones .
it looks brand new and works like a dream .
many freezers are set a bit too warm .
beware if something goes wrong and it probably will .
some reviews mention that this comes with a battery .
the large breeze pellets are disliked by most cats .
i did not refuse to provide an order number .
this is actually a second set we bought .
needed a substitute air conditioner for the summertime .
they digest it well and they are healthy .
i really dont believe its a new battery .
it cooked up fine in my whirley popcorn popper .
emails and phone calls to linksys resulted in nothing .
mine arrived broken , so it had gone back .
the sunglassess fit too snug on a big head .
oh right burned fingers and scratched up cookware ! .
you are merely trying to slow it down .
what i received was a bird seed dispenser .
that 's right an evil mist is your enemy .
i could not get the voicemail to work .
bought one for me and one for daughter .
i got it based on the great reviews .
microsoft is typically a frustrating experience to find support .
that may bother some people , but not us .
i 'll stick to that ingredient from now on .
it takes both sync and headphone in stand .
this not mandatory if you are in a hurry .
thank goodness i can still return this thing .
and the infinity proved very easy to clean .
i canceled the call manually on my phone screen .
when i visit i always bring a loaf .
i find this product very useful and innovative .
just give it a simple cleaning every week .
i put my baby in it and started driving .
so for this phone i read both ways .
this product works well enough on the lips .
will not smudge and/or stick to your screen .
i get lots of good comments on it .
it just does not work in a noisy enviornment .
sure would be nice if the description was corrected .
i think i just got lucky with it .
i did n't like this tamanu oil at all .
my htc evo fits perfectly and my gps too .
except the real world sucks most of the time .
i like bamboo for all sorts of things ! .
clean it once with some kind of liquid cleaner .
i was hoping for more of a cotton look .
i did not notice any eboost effects though .
i could barely get the phone in & out .
these egg rings are definitely sturdy and heavy .
they are not good was a total disappointment ! .
it holds more and is very easy to clean .
so worth the bit higher price and then some .
this product has really stepped up my game .
sound quality was not so great but ok .
so much better than my other garlic press .
these coasters look nice and are very sturdy .
other fresh n clean shampoos work really great .
it 's easy to use and easy to clean .
but a lot of it is just water .
the package came as advertised and performed great .
i fix the audio by restarting the headset .
i returned them so can not comment on size .
if dropped the case comes right off the phone .
it worked great for 4 hours and 35 minutes .
i like the lebistro automatic feeder much better .
i used it once and it worked fine .
i was unimpressed with the quality of this item .
i keep ordering this great product for more people .
purchased this for my husbands iphone 4 from verizon .
pizza wheel was ok as it does cut pizza .
it was light and the cover was filmsy .
the case didnt fit my iphone 4s easily .
i grew up with gerber , sad to see .
also , the story sequences take way too long .
the computer products and virtually all add-ons are abysmal .
easily operated and easy to clean and maintain .
but you would n't want a loose phone case .
very satisfied , as this is my second one .
great product ! works well and protects phone/ electronics .
they slip off just like normal bobby pins .
it is offered in a variety of well-matched colors .
well , they have been totally re-done and cheapened .
so my choices were now w24v and the a35l .
still , i can look forward to xenosaga 2 .
this did not fit my s2 skyrocket right .
after nearly 2 hours i just had cold ingrediants .
my kids had this and other similar toys .
i would buy this product again & again .
i was very pleased indeed with its performance .
those are absolutely awesome and worth every penny .
she will also build some muscles moving it around .
the dark color makes the cake dook great .
just take the lid off and wait 10-15 seconds .
it has done nothing for tanning my face .
this probiotic did not work for me unfortunately .
this is very thick and also very sharp .
this is really non-stick just like it is described .
the lack of matches is alsoa big negitive .
great for a cook who has little time .
garber 's natural solutions envirodefense helped me at all .
i 'm very sure that these things are healthy .
highlighting my dark red hair led to fluorescent orange .
this one was affordable and easy to use .
she is happy that is all that matters .
i have owned almost every high end bluetooth headset .
i just corrected it accordingly and it works perfectly .
this works well if the meat is partially frozen .
i did n't put them in the dishwasher either .
and ultimately after months the scar/indent faded away .
i use it every day and enjoy it .
and it is compatible with both windows and mac .
it is fm quality with a noticeable hiss .
bento for my lunch to take to work .
they are very comfortable and the blades come sharp .
i tried this trainer on my german shepherd .
i specifically ordered this compass for the declanation adjust .
i would not buy again and would not recommend .
it was just runny liquid in the jar .
but more importantly , it is stable and sturdy .
it only has the standard 40 cb channels .
old purchased at toys r us for $ 25 .
the quick disconnect is a nice feature though .
the entire reservoir must be heated to 212 deg .
i had two people at the sprint store agree .
this did not work on my bathroom sink .
however , every so often cuisinart introduces it again .
glitter does n't come off either which is nice .
every thing seem to be working like it should .
but , that is very painful to the toes .
i was even able to use it with grapefruit .
i had to superglue it back on to stay .
this is however the best one i tested .
those who have used both usually have a preference .
overall though , i like the racks a lot .
you get what you pay for i guess .
this product reduced my tension and works very well .
the amazon price is one of the best .
all that works now is the glowing red light .
the consistency and even toasting is another plus .
my bad for not reading the reviews before buying .
this knife is an excellent , sharp little workhorse .
usually smaller dog means less destructive chewing ability .
it is really hard to tell if it helped .
the instruction says that microsopic bubbles will disappear eventually .
you 'd better really love a punch of honey .
i use it for most of my web needs .
i even found a glass lid that fits it .
simply great product to be used with the iphone .
it 's very important to not boil the milk .
it does not charge my device well at all .
moves plenty of air and has good adjustments .
i then went to a temple which was alright .
i 've used it just a couple of times .
not from pressure either , it was just flimsy .
i 'm in love with using tongs for cooking .
i spent about 45 minutes working on my hair .
it was not dropped or thrown or anything .
i also developed a rash on my t-zone .
this is the perfect case for the motorola triumph .
one of my favorite phones i 've ever owned .
much better than those other microwave bacon makers .
my thighs are squeezed to the point of uncomfortable .
in this case , inexpensive = very cheaply made .
i found positive reviews about it working well .
sometimes it works better than an embroidery hoop .
of course i made him pay for this one .
one problem with the ipad is the constant cleaning .
i have not noticed any changes in my hair .
adds a bright , reflective spot to your kitchen .
i like my dash to be clean and neat .
when this product showed up it looked used .
i would buy another lodge cast iron pan again .
that being said , read all directions before using .
i wonder why they made it like that .
if you are serious about coffee get this .
the only good bras jockey makes are sports bras .
the listed price at this time is $ 94.58 .
i am not a huge fan of musky scents .
the voice clarity and volume level are good .
i bought this bulb and it was defective .
for the most part , i sucked it up .
this is better than using pam and other sprays .
it also makes the basket easier to clean .
so i could not use it for my iphone .
i bought this kit for the 2013 summer canning .
i have not yet made a bad loaf .
they all fail in the pairing and remembering department .
i 've had this unit more than 6 months .
i have had this thing for so long .
your pancreas treats them the same , producing insulin .
i would n't recommend this trimmer to a friend .
a wire trivet will be needed for electric stoves .
the terms bait and switch come to my mind .
this is not what i had in mind .
using this dry is definitely a better alternative .
kitchenaid had great customer service and replaced my unit .
i has a bad reaction from this product .
this model is a pleasant surprise for several reasons .
they were very cute for my daughter 's birthday .
it is well made and constructed to last .
i love my kitchenaid ice cream maker attachment .
that 's a good way of describing this tea .
probably the worst all-clad product in my collection .
two stars is all i could give this product .
removing it from the large bowl takes some practice .
i tried to take it out of the vent .
buy at least 1 to 2 sizes up .
i do n't know why since music sounds great .
i turned it off using the program monitor widget .
i called amazon and told them about it .
played it from start to finish and , well .
although i did let it boil over once .
this is a great zester/grater for the price .
i wish i had read the reviews before buying .
i suppose that 's why it traps smaller things .
instant yeast can be found online at amazon too .
stopped focusing a couple hours after i used it .
so far the nonstick surface appears to be excellent .
matches very well with basically any themed kitchen .
been using it consistently for like 2 weeks .
you can squint real hard and make things out .
i would not recommend this item at all .
this is exactly what happened with this toy .
some may actually prefer the looks of the 925 .
they are all that i was looking for .
those were a lot more fun , and durable .
it also no longer fit into my cradle .
because of this i no longer use this product .
just do n't expect it to be much else .
this must be better as a pc game .
i bought these because they are so pretty .
i got this device and immediately loved it .
yup , right on a rug by the door .
be careful with this if you have oily skin .
and of course the 4.3inch screen helps a lot .
guinea pigs ' spines do not bend like this .
he really was looking fwd to this gift .
the first movie you shoot is like a tutorial .
it is so cheap that i felt ripped off .
never knew these great rings were for sale .
this was what i expected but more messy .
this thing works exactly as it is supposed to .
this one is a bargain at the price .
they bulge out in the middle like a rowboat .
i like the rubbery-ness of this lavendar case .
they do their job , the zipper works great .
and the handle is the best idea ever .
overall for the price this thing costs its great .
each one also came in its one plastic sleeve .
it would end up in lots of crumbs .
thank goodness i decided to try it anyway .
i 'm returning it and getting my money back .
samsung replaces these with their own with mixed results .
at work we have cuban coffee at 2pm everyday .
so i am on my third device now .
silicone inside and a smooth poly-carbonate outer shell .
what the carbon filters miss , these filters catch .
size was a lot smaller than i ever expected .
so i left the beans in about five min .
alas performance did not measure up to its looks .
gave 2 stars cause of the packing process .
this lid will suction slightly to my cooktop .
the texture of the case is awkward and pointless .
now we have hands-free units like the jabra freeway .
once he even fell and split his lip open .
a faith murky color ; like cool-aid stained lips .
i do not recommend this game at all .
i should have done my homework befor buying this .
its well constructed and no issues with image quality .
goes well with my bamboo cutting boards and bowls .
now i am no longer using this phone .
no moisturizing qualities for my dry skin at all .
it also takes about 4-5 minutes to heat up .
it looks very cool on his black iphone .
it is the worst gun x has ever had .
compared to a professional tripod this is wobbly .
i love the non stik inside and out .
it also cleans up easily with minimal effort .
at this price range i usually wear naturalizer .
i ca n't think of anything i would change .
this prouduct was the antithesis of tj 's product .
my puppy has to almost lie down to drink .
it punches holes in these shaker lids no problem .
this comb is my handy helper # 1 ! .
this inexpensive solution fixed it with little effort .
it fit both rifles with room to spare .
plastic itself will eventually degrade , given enough time .
it was difficult for me to get it down .
this was really helpful and useful as well .
this is an excellent colander , i love it .
this is the best appliance i ever got .
not even the cheat codes would entirely work .
the person who invented this is a genius ! .
i 've had this for about a week now .
the first sequence you can and should ignore .
i was very disappointed at the quality and workmanship .
the seams in the face are also uneven .
it did the first time i tested the bed .
these pans are heavy and the handles get hot .
the price is cheap and so is the quality .
all the button features and knobs work great .
small steam vent prevents lid from jumping/rattling while simmering .
it was just packed in a plain brown box .
i needed something that would protect my phone .
this set is the greatest addition to a kitchen .
not quite as large - but no cycling issues .
but , i hate cheating to win a game .
i live alone and this is the perfect size .
i love this product got it very fast .
item was as described but actually never worked .
received in timely manner and item was well packaged .
i ended up getting a cupholder mount instead .
uses standard aa batteries that last a long time .
i ca n't imagine anyone being happy with these .
reccomended to me by andrew whaley of coffeeboy .
this press is perfect for 1 mug of coffee .
i now keep it in my broom closet .
they are perfect for our 2 person household .
my fiance also got the g2x on our upgrade .
love this case and so glad i got it .
in my opinion this is another great safety feature .
the jambox blew it out of the water .
these are so wonderful my husband even loves them .
y dont u spend ur money on something better .
it might absorb oil but i 'm not sure .
boy could i not have been more wrong .
this set is well made and i like them .
it is no longer a rich emollient cream .
hot pink does n't sit well for a guy .
i hope this helps you make your decision .
the main problem with this coffee is its aftertaste .
only one side of the bandanna is printed .
they are at an angle and are loose .
now feel safer with this case on it .
the sp is cheaper and easier to work with .
have used for apples for 2 pies now .
this piece is of high quality and works well .
it will last far longer if you do this .
this espresso maker was great while it lasted .
rent it first - you might like it .
the new prestige classes and lightsaber forms are sweet .
i 've purchased in a store without this issue .
i do love the design & size of it .
this required a lot of hit and miss brewing .
they kept hatching out all over the house .
definitely worth the purchase , good quality oem battery .
it is like swallowing a container of salt .
first off , the instructions were not in english .
the longest one has worked was about three years .
we are extremely pleased with the nordicware microwave popper .
i guess you get what you pay for .
overall a solid product that will keep you mobile .
i could not use then as i had intended .
and it has nothing to do with skill .
i bought four of these for my countertop .
the car charger and the wall charger just suck .
the seals and relief valves are essentially foolproof .
i own at least 5 or 6 golf visors .
made of some kind of junk , fragile plastic .
i studied all of the installation videos and instructions .
soon after purchase the on/off/volume switch went bad .
but i need the indiglo function at night .
the attached slicer takes away all of the worry .
we 'll see how my toe looks next may .
so combining the two seems mysterious to me .
a screw mat is a necessity for this operation .
it is not easy to remove from the phone .
they are blue or red , but always on .
the vendor refused my request to cancel the order .
i play games with myself to increase my productivity .
it is nothing like the soft claiborne wallet .
my first was 8 years old and still fine .
does not help the breath even with teeth cleaning .
the quality of the video is't good at all .
so the search continues for that perfect shampoo .
a failed attempt at adding multiplayer to harry potter .
sometimes i use melita cone filters to improve taste .
i ordered this on the 17th of april .
try one of them but forget this game .
it 's more than big enough for all these .
it mimics the inline control on apple earbuds .
minutes continue to be recorded after countdown to zero .
it came a lot quicker than i had expected .
there are no unnecessary abilities in that game .
we bought this coffeemaker to replace our mr .
the body is sturdy and solid-feeling , as well .
i think i 'll stick to camera beanbags nowadays .
i can tell you what it didnt do .
select a player to choose the first mystery object .
it seems like the path of the superhero games .
wow very good , fast and easy to clean .
this is a glass bottle for holding liquids .
buy one of these and do your own .
that means 1/4 ounce of meat per per serving .
it just takes a little more attention to alignment .
be sure your yogurt maker is clean before starting .
my husband and i are confirmed coffee lovers .
it looks nice unless you look really close .
i would recommend to a friend for sure .
but i was looking for more high impact support .
i am just so thrilled with this jar .
hoping to improve their physical health and longevity .
i like essie products but not this one .
bought one of these for my partner last year .
i may have to cut them off my rims .
this watch will not fool people for being high-end .
i am deeply fond of all those tastes .
but great customer service from the sportsman 's guide .
i bought this a few years ago from amazon .
i get to keep my number and save money .
all later games really rock on newer systems .
it abruptly started making a lot more noise .
the grinding mechanism in this mill is exceptionally smooth .
they were inexpensive but did n't last the season .
they have become one of my favorite kitchen gadgets .
reviewed many pressure cookers before deciding on this one .
i returned the case and reordered it in pink .
definitely not something i would pick up again .
it is better to make up your own game .
i then looked at the ingredients and was shocked .
must have been ten years of grease build up .
you plug in your existing charger to the base .
that is why i give them one star .
the interior of the lid is unusual looking .
when they first arrived , they tasted very good .
it really does a good job and is fast .
the glass is thick and the handle is strong .
i did n't get what picture and ingredients showed .
guess you can get a lemon in anything .
you decided to buy one yourself here at amazon .
it works as you would have expected it too .
guaranteed to be your most useful kitchen appliance .
the min measurement is 100ml for the 2 cup .
after using it my hair just felt coated .
so charge often and manage your power settings .
units have horrible pathing and no sort of structure .
i will reorder again when i run out ! .
the car sounds are enough to make me batty .
it looks completely flimsy and not protective at all .
i have to give full credit to amazon .
still looking for a good antiperspirant product ( ( .
but the batteries last a very long time .
it did not last even one pool season .
we are using this bow for rice bowl .
it worked amazingly on dust & cat hair .
the gn2 now fits in the case much better .
then let this thing do the rest of thinking .
i have ordered these several times in the past .
i tried this since i love bacon everything .
she is a fantastic , if somewhat energetic cook .
i got so many compliments for the rack .
this is the perfect cable for car use .
i think this is a very bad wireless mouse .
the water out put is blowing my fish away .
i sent it off to nikon for repair .
the lid also comes apart for easy cleaning .
a cup of hot water would probably work better .
sure wish more of those products were available .
i like the way the handles are attached .
i have been having problems with this item .
enough that you do notice that they are there .
she loved the colors and its very durable .
fairly often means at least once a day .
i 'll try to upload a picture to illustrate .
i like the design of this egg slicer .
i can see no point to it whatsoever .
this utensil hanger is very high quality and strong .
i both have the 2-cups and 4 cups brikka .
it was a very pretty light silver color .
i have tried every stain remover under the sun .
the cheese was nicely melted but not dried out .
love this product , the color and the features .
that 's exactly what we have with this game .
my cake slid out with no effort at all .
push come to shove i made a truffle .
i will be trying other brands in my senseo .
well , this happened twice with two different controllers .
there is no reason for the connection to drop .
this is a piece of junk do n't buy .
it 's like putting a water on ur hair .
i can store my knives without using counter space .
but the item that came was not that one .
he wants to replace high-ranking officials with evil robots .
which looked like the waring i 'd had previously .
this vacuum is light and easy to use .
the manual contains no instructions about unpacking the machine .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
imho you get a great product for the price .
the teeth need to be sharper to be effective .
would make a great gift for a new bride .
i 've had these speakers for about 5 years .
looks like it was made by a machine .
ok , so i figure maybe it needs batteries .
unfortunately it was a waste of money for me .
sound clear for both me & calling party .
yumalso , the streamline size allows for easy storage .
had to take benadryl and my albuterol inhaler .
love the way it balances on the the bottles .
this made making pies from scratch really easy .
at that point the screen protector was useless .
amazon have the wrong product manual loaded here .
he said it worked fine and he likes it .
i have since ordered all the different sizes .
i got rid of it as fast as possible .
seems like it is part of the design .
good advice for anyone who owns a bb .
these headphones work well to cancel out background noise .
paid $ 3 for an additional single door hook .
all the peices come apart for easy cleaning .
removing the fiber itself was rather difficult as well .
the product that arrived was the one described here .
just spend more money on the real thing .
we were lucky no one got burned or shocked .
i did n't notice any difference after a month .
this one was a lot shorter than that .
keep the inside of my microwave looking new .
there are four cups on a hard plastic ring .
they used to advertise this as a reversible fan .
good if you like that kind of thing ! .
not to say this french press is flawed .
steamer did not do anything for the grout.floors .
not sure if we will use all 6 cans .
i like to use them for dishwashing when camping .
th filter plunger would stick at the top .
it is a cheap steel receiver tow hook .
i do not see positive results yet either .
i purchased this product for hair growth and breakage .
bought this item due to the rave reviews .
it stays put on the counter with no issues .
even pouring sugar makes a mess inside the container .
it 's by far the worst lense i own .
this was great for the first 2 months .
good cable that works for my galaxy note 2 .
this has about the same footprint as my iphone .
if i wanted chinese i would have ordered chinese .
they just use these as another chewing toy .
found out when i was ready to use it .
this game - you only opened a damn gate .
followed the directions exactly to insure maximum adhesiveness .
i love how easy it is to manage .
exactly like the original that came w/ the xoom .
have a bulk pack of extra batteries on hand .
plus , there is no place to put it .
you get a good phone at a good price .
battery life is bad if you use it extensively .
we duct taped it together as best we could .
the 8 year old has played for a year .
if you have frog-arms it will fit perfectly .
i enjoy the fresh brewed taste every day .
the tablecloth is somewhat thin , but looks nice .
the only thing it hurts is legitimate owners .
i do recommend oneida , just not this set .
this product worked well for 6you months then stopped .
it was described as wood and it arrived wooden .
and so it remains with my 10 '' mundial .
his presentation , and creativity far surpassed my ability .
the unit is attractive and very easy to use .
you do the same thing over and over .
the case has an on/off switch in the bottom .
this goes on wet and takes forever to dry .
i even had some room for my dress pants .
the bb 's are fine so no issue there .
this will slip into some belt clip holsters too .
hoped for a solution to my chronic red eyes .
the second was a useless piece of junk .
this is the best facinate screen protector out there .
they are easy to clean and bakes evenly .
please take heed and learn from my careless mistake .
i have practiced with several kettles at different stores .
it works better than the old one ever did .
the bow was not attached to the ear jack .
the grip is easy on your hands too.recommended .
i use 8 even soup spoons of coffee .
but this grill/griddle is not working for me .
this is the complete opposite of being overwhelmingly threatening .
this is the second otterbox case i have ordered .
i use it in my fairly large kitchen .
i needed additional bowls to add to my set .
obviously we all have our own preferences for taste .
a coarse or medium-coarse grind seems to work best .
still very happy with the batteries and charger .
even for a quick touch-up it works well .
the accoutrements that come with it are not comfortable .
not all of the strays would eat it .
cover fits well allowing access to all controls .
this is a high quality headset made by plantronics .
i found these too shallow for my liking .
i ordered this case and it came broken .
this little board is perfect for just about everything .
it was late because of the chinese new year .
this melon baller really is easy to grip .
i shall be replacing it with something else .
it basically converts any headphones to bluetooth headphones .
this ball was really loud and extremely annoying .
i thought it was a dud at first .
not what i expected from melissa and doug stuff .
great when i used it for apple butter .
they clean up easily and make potato baking simple .
i was very impressed for how little i paid .
these little ramekins have a lot of uses .
i also tried swapping converters to no effect .
helpful in airplanes , while cutting the grass etc .
6 or 7 months ? never had a problem .
they have an alleged capability to ask a question .
i was happy how quickly this was deliverd .
that 's handy for organization as well as cleaning .
sync with my computer and are good quality , .
the clasp has been holding up very well though .
one would assume that would be the correct size .
this toy was good for about 10 minutes .
does not look right on people with thinner hair .
i replaced the unit and had the same results .
good stylus and the color is very pretty .
i love the feel and the design of it .
much smaller than normal gummy bears.would not order again .
i thought it maybe normal until the 4th use .
that was reason enough for me to purchase again .
this only worked when there were no distractions .
i had to give handfuls to my st .
i also got the tortoise color which i like .
they fall apart immediately when played with by cats .
i also have a dutch oven and cornstick pans .
this shaker is all glass and stainless steel .
last i checked this was 2007 not 1999 .
because ultimately no one case has it all .
just carry a charged battery in your pocket .
it went on smooth and without any bubbles .
re-wet and re-wrap the cloth keeping the handle cool .
for a small family this size seems perfect.great investment .
just today received a case ( 24 6 oz .
it goes every where and i love it ! .
works great , as far as i can tell .
another in a continuing saga of deficient bluetooth headsets .
i ordered an inferior product before ordering this one .
the picture quality of this camera is awful .
i would recommend it to anyone who wants one .
it dries hair in a decent amount of time .
5 stars- thats all i have to say .
these seem to be fine for the price .
the portability that comes with this style plug .
got him an espresso maker for his birthday .
this tablecloth has a very nice design and sheen .
even my pharmacology professor uses it for drug research .
i felt that there were waaayyy too many tutorials .
this dehydrator does what it 's advertised to do .
if anyone is considering buying one go for it .
fits the phone well and goes on flawlessly .
i always wash them by hand and usually usemrs .
also , it starts off bread kneading really well .
will write an update if she does show interest .
was very cheap and works as it should .
my husband just bought it for our anniversary .
i am so glad i got this funnel .
it 's lightweight and easy to transport and store .
it cleans pretty easily after you soak it .
this is one piece of metal per knife .
i received the case quickly and i love it .
presto ! never have i had another boil over .
feinberg md who also gave it 1 star .
i have owned my knife for about 6 weeks .
they seem to clean up very well too .
beautiful but had a defect that made it unusable .
i seem to slide on invisible patches of ice .
there is nothing like a percolator for delicious coffee .
for talking , i have to use the jawbone .
i have had these for a few years .
we are very dissatisfied with the new design .
i like them so much i bought more sizes .
oh , and about the 10 hours battery life .
i have another that i switch out snacks in .
i am currently shopping for some new lacing beads .
these are a must have in the kitchen .
remove waffle from iron and separate waffles if necessary .
this item has been a huge disappointment to me .
i guess that many people could n't be wrong .
unless you heat up a lot of syrup maybe .
i find the instruction booklet is very helpful .
i would have preferred a more squared-off spoon blade .
5 stars for another great lifesaving new trent product .
hence , the spiritual warfare aspect of the game .
it consists of two pots and two little pans/lids .
i thought they would be bigger for some reason .
i use to have a motorola walkie talkie .
works very well on a variety of steel grades .
i specifically looked for one that held a checkbook .
i received the product and feel it 's decent .
take a look at the amazon-provided picture of it .
he was so easy that it was laughable .
less than $ 5 for a 25 foot cable .
i 've had this vacuum for over a year .
i just bought second one as a gift .
well worth the money and very easy to clean .
first time i hooked it up nothing would work .
during shipping a small piece on the door broke .
watch out for your finger after you use this .
was to be the best gift from santa .
i concur 100 % with the other negative reviews .
i bought this product for my husband for christmas .
the unit itself is put away for now .
maybe they will re-think the drm next time out .
these lids are a necessity for mason jars .
hold up well and are easy to put on .
i purchased this after returning the cusinart grill .
it 's heavy and well made with rolled edges .
the same goes for the top power on/off button .
but i will try the cooling effect and re-review .
i will never recommend this to any one .
it is quite ergonomic to hold and use .
this product is still working a couple years later .
the phone feels so easy fitting in one hand .
it has one button to answer and end calls .
the price was great and they work well .
last years title was way too slow especially running.3 .
as in , more easily than other plastic covers .
gave my 20 year old son this case .
sooooo much thinner than they used to be .
this is the 4th rio product in my household .
also , my dog was not comfortable wearing it .
it claims to be hypoallergenic but it is not .
the quality of the sauce pan is great .
it 's just not very special in my opinion .
after about 4 shots the flingshot fell apart .
had avias in the past and was well pleased .
they give my cakes a light golden outer edge .
i found using these disks distorted my thinking .
this does add to the cost of owning .
it also cut down some of the glare .
contains fish and made my ckd cat sicker .
invest in some power strips with on-off buttons .
omg , i make the best popcorn at home .
none are rated highly , and reportedly contain bugs .
this was great when i first got it .
perhaps in acrylic aquariums this product makes a difference .
this comes in only one size - huge .
quite possibly the worst towel i 've ever used .
ca n't get much worse as a lip balm .
makes porridge- which i have yet to try .
these are cheap in both senses of the word .
i bought only one kitchenart 32000 gourmet buttermate .
it is easy to use and clean up afterwards .
i will never do buisness with them again .
i 'll just use the metal bowl and lid .
i really like splinter cell.mgs2 is no splinter cell .
so far i have not done that : ) .
the outer plastic got off after a slight rain .
i ordered the correct size and part number .
i always use the 5 minute warm-up as recommended .
updated 12/15i just so happen to love it .
this game is even outdated on the game boy .
i even bought my brother one for his kitchen .
it has been very useful in emergency situations .
tasted too sweet like they put honey in it .
apple did not notice which was a good thing .
i have been using it for a while .
it came out very well not all over .
i have 2 batteries for my evo 4g .
the lid they sent was the wrong one .
the materials used were just as i had hoped .
i have never been disappointed by a kitchenaid product .
i ordered this one real cheap here on amazon .
the toy did n't work out of the box .
i am a devoted fan of kyocera products .
just make sure you understand the dimensions of it .
i just wish the pot were a little bigger .
it gets the job done economically and effectively .
i bought 4 of these from yosemite bicycles .
i read that the dirt devil had good reviews .
good quality and customer service.awesome product great price .
it could have been cleveland for i knew .
long and it works for both sync and charge .
then i came home and let him loose .
the green part started peeling off within a week .
there is no fun factor really.cool old square characters .
has a nice hefty feel and does the job .
there was the empty coffin with no fangs .
incubated water in my yogourmet the same way .
what a great design for a cake pan .
i love these pens but they broke to fast .
just as good as the very expensive ones .
i 'm going to stick with the halo headband .
it 's not lined as shown in the picture .
i did not like the taste or the consistency .
once the lid closes , the smell goes away .
then i need to use a clarifying shampoo .
sure it would be good with other foods too .
i have used my wok to make chili .
give me the old underwriter manual typewriter anytime .
these tee shirts are junk at any price .
huperzine is a very complicated compound to synthesize .
then they roll across the table onto the floor .
then i found these and i snatched them up .
voice quality remains strong as in the previous model.3 .
also , mirror snaps off too easily during adjustments .
i decided to give this drugstore brand a try .
if not for those i loved the grill .
strainer option is very nice for small particles .
it tasted way too sweet for my diabetic self .
i bought a ph meter and it worked fine .
still using this for gym & lots of running .
with normal use , the optical scope immediatly broke .
the come in all sizes to accommodate different needs .
we quickly replaced this purchase with something better .
so they slide and ride up al the time .
the tip of the charger broke the next day .
the instructions were clear and easy to understand .
included is an adapter for mini-usb and micro-usb .
it fell apart after 2 months of light usage .
this is a great sized cotton ball/swab holder .
i have had this issue with leg avenue before .
developed a short in the jack after 2 uses .
i bought this for my husband for xmas .
i still have one after years of operation .
these these are small and hard as a rock .
good thing i just bought a new knife set .
advertising is everything in marketing and always will be .
this is great for cutting up bread dough .
certainly worth the money if you want super-sharp knives .
also comes in handy when used as a clock .
wasted 9 days trying to set up wireless .
this was a decent game at one time .
its made well , but it did not fit .
anything above the lightest settings burns the bread .
there is a patch out that fixes it .
super sharp blades require minimum effort in the kitchen .
i like the style however its not very durable .
has a bitter undertone and a chalky texture .
i use it mostly for sketching and drawing .
i then wipe the woke with a paper towel .
you just cant beat the quality of pyrex .
they really deliver great sound and exceptional comfort .
i hand washed them and they cleaned up ok .
this desktop charger worked great for a while .
i have not had any problems with either scoop .
it does great and def easy to put on .
my 5 year old granddaughter can handle them easily5 .
she does n't even want to play with it .
this alone made these earbuds completely non-functional for me .
i called again and spoke to someone else .
i saw them here and thought this is great .
i love the long length of the cord .
you have to unplug it to turn it off .
too bad , it was fun while it lasted .
a good starter set for any new cook .
it 's one of my top 3 kitchen gadgets .
it fits the phone just like a shell .
also , i would note a very inconsistent flavor .
i am happy with my purchase and the product .
but that is not a product or design flaw .
but the catch is easily opened when in use .
i have no regrets in making the purchase .
this lodge cast iron pizza pan is the best .
a second one i purchased for a gift .
the enemy ai is amazingly accurate even at distance .
this is a very difficult walker to use .
this particular blend does not make the cut .
time will tell how it will hold up .
they fall apart much of the time : ( .
ok i recieved this necklace for valentines day .
i purchased this as a gift for my dad .
these roller shower curtain rings are a great product .
i did n't notice that when i checked out .
back to checking the local brick and mortar stores .
the load times ? no problem on my computer .
and uk in concentrations of up to 1 percent .
the clip is high quality , very rugged plastic .
just followed the directions and it worked fine .
i ca n't understand what this toy is saying .
the perlite did not do much for my plants .
the nintendo ds comes with a charger already .
thank you very much for a terrific product .
they are easy to use in the microwave .
but inserting or extracting the phone is a torture .
it is well made and that is great .
it is odor free and easy to take .
i returned the mixer and continue using my blender .
i did love it and do recommend it though .
it 's blah and a little repellant to me .
my hair did not respond well to this product .
i really think the clip is a great idea .
this is the first bluetooth headset that i bought .
took a rather long trip and it worked flawlessly .
you get what you pay for i guess .
i tried to fit another model in it .
coffee can pack down and become solid crust .
i wanted the most protective cover i could buy .
makes a great gift or addition to any kitchen .
probably not for everyone but i love it .
hard to go wrong with the rice here .
do n't make the same mistake like my mother .
i just went into my kitchen and counted .
the dry product is extremely fine , almost powdery .
easy to clean up and no glass to break .
canon probably gets both pieces manufactured for pennies .
i used to have a job monitoring particle filtration .
many reviewers have complained about their units breaking down .
enough for two people to use at each receipt .
i have many items i use for my hair .
if you need the filter , not so much .
i could n't be more pleased with this juicer .
bougt it for my eleven year old son .
i often forget this and burn my espresso .
a heavy , sturdy and classy looking flatware set .
then again , i can not recommend smc either .
i would never order from this company again .
this one has stood the test of time .
xxl - looks more like a size large .
the extra protection on the corners is awesome .
i ended up using a liquid ammonia lock instead .
for some reason no solution was coming out .
it has a broad surface for crouton spreading .
the serum itself does n't seem greasy or sticky .
the plate was hot the edges were hot .
the container is easy to clean in the dishwasher .
i would suggest ticket to ride for starters .
they arrived quickly but did not work properly .
i ordered this and a `` timolino 20 oz .
i have bought a few of these foam rings .
i put them on and they are fantastic .
did n't fit my iphone 4 in the least .
it died when i really needed it too .
i find these sheets to be very useful .
strong durable plastic is used all the time .
there simply is no better cast iron cookware .
this is a fantastic addition to any kitchen .
this phone case was so pretty when it arrived .
took this on a trip to japan with me .
my main issue is with using larger bags .
what they sell now as cast iron is crap .
i remenber buying soda like this many years ago .
they are not large enough , and fairly inflexible .
reviews really do help navigate so many choices .
it gets my plates and silverware nice & clean .
the space for the camera is great also .
just do n't leave it unattended with young children .
i thought this would be a good alternative .
i personally do n't have enough hair to curl .
i tried jumbo eggs in this cooker first .
have not found a re-fill in the stores .
this adds maximum cuteness and protection with minimum bulk .
this vacuum has to be experienced to be believed .
the point of attachment needs to be redesigned .
it makes it smell like a manufacturing plant.3 .
first of all this heating pad is great .
i was so excited to receive this product .
i received this router through amazon.com 's vine program .
first it was 4 inches to the left .
the session always failed regardless of the fax recipient .
this is easily my favorite case so far .
it was the cheapest grinder available through amazon .
i bought one and very quickly bought another .
certainly my little boy would n't stop whacking it .
the speakers are satisfactory and could have been louder .
my shih tzu & pekingese would not eat them .
this did n't make any visible difference in them .
it did not like any of the omron software .
so , the price was certainly not worth it .
and i read the ingredient label after they arrived .
i 'm very glad i paid a little extra .
one of the few kitchen gadgets i really like .
you have to work at keeping them nice though .
this item is sold and fulfilled by amazon .
i wish it had a rechargeable , internal battery .
kid just not in to this game very much .
so much for it saying it fits this model .
hard to adjust the amount of soap to dispense .
meat and poultry comes out perfectly every time .
it looks nice , but not much like wood .
these are the best thing since sliced bread .
it sucks strong and is easy to clean out .
would definitely recommend this brand , color and model .
very nice kitchen accessory items to use daily .
i dont use the kick stand that often though .
i use this as a back up case .
bold fits in the charging pod very well .
the neck is really strange on it too .
it made cheap chargers like this one possible .
it provides decent grip and feels comfortable to hold .
the actual color is a dark ugly green .
it was supposed to be a complete toy .
i upgraded from the standard issue ipod earbuds .
some reviewers complain that the water tastes of plastic .
leaving it connected will continue to add charge .
i feel that the plastic is n't very sturdy .
real disappointed with this entire line of skin care .
it is watery and kind if artificial in flavor .
it comes with a manual and some recipes .
as a result the fit is n't tight enough .
i use these on my lodge cast iron pan .
it 's more solid and not as cheaply made .
she loves these so i ordered two big bags .
seems like otterbox could have included a better one .
it is one of my favorite cookware pieces .
i like this lotion except for one thing .
i wish i got the original sit n spin .
save your money and get a different brand .
he can probably stomach it better than me .
oh yes it worked great for about 3 months .
i adjusted my cooking time downward and used parchment .
i love them and the sizes are perfect .
the game seems to be a good game though .
i purchased this after a co-worker was using it .
shipping took about three weeks but was free .
the out-of-box experience and initial setup was painless .
hopefully no ingredients that have harmed our dog .
it brings video gaming to the next level .
the paper plate of the cone wrench world .
i always had a round crock-pot before this .
i suppose this is what makes machines more affordable .
fits the handle of a cast iron pan perfectly .
yes it is dependable whining away without fail .
that is a job for a thermally insulated carafe .
yes , we realized the holes were drilled non-uniformly .
i knocked it off the counter and broke it .
works as designed and looks good doing it .
i put it back on and left it .
i really like the other ancient harvest gf pastas .
cost me $ 48.00 which i will never recoup .
i have six of them and highly recommend them .
it was a good idea but poorly executed .
i chose to not use the squeegee wedge thing .
replacing the battery and cleaning the sprayer did help .
this face wash drys my skin out terribly .
i have high hopes for this one , too .
this should be the standard corkscrew everyone uses .
you will not be disappointed with these knives .
key is let it cool off on its own .
i would suggest purchasing one of the other sets .
one for my iphone and one for my ipad .
i had to superglue my pans to the palette .
plus it looks better than the ati stock .
i ended up using them on my motorcycle .
its a really nice unit and i should know .
it does the job and does it well .
these bags are too flimsy and tear too easily .
this does great for cooking bacon for little mess .
as a protective case and provides extra batterytime .
great for using you phone like a gps .
my brother got this for his earthlink dsl .
it is convoluted instead of a real circle .
i had to throw out most of the bottle .
my hair did not respond to this product .
i shared some of this product with a friend .
i seriously ca n't think of a worse one .
we trimmed it a bit and it worked great .
there is no replacement for this kitchen tool .
ordered these head phones and they work fine .
it makes a clicking sound when properly closed .
i do n't have something stuck in my ear.3 .
it is in the box ready to go back .
it takes ok pictures , nothing great but acceptable .
no amount of cleaning would remove the yellow .
there 's minimal daily cleanup involved with the hario .
obviously it does because others have posted positive reviews .
it works exactly as i had hoped it would .
it works great , and doesnt leave anything behind .
so i did not open it but returned it .
i reviewed the product , not any specific seller .
it took 5 days for them to contact me .
there has been no problems with it at all .
it still left sticky material on the window .
it sux even with with my 8600gts overclocked .
controls are award and half the buttons are useless .
the hottest setting is just warm to me .
the booklet said only cook for 3 min .
the large is about the size of a baseball .
so far has been staying on very nice .
it covers my phone well and provides adequate protection .
so like i have always said the letters b.o.s.e .
it is so simple as to need explanation .
but it does in fact have 34 grams .
plus it 's really hard to open the middle .
impossible for you to find this form in nature .
i have no reason not to believe her .
this one i rate as you live and learn .
two distinctly different results in functionality and/or quality .
it keeps liquids hot for a very long time .
they need to relabel these or make them bigger .
there is no middle ground on the reviews here .
the other reviewer was luckier than i was .
price was great and they made great gifts .
i started using it as my main battery .
my last one wore out after several years .
i finally caved in and purchased this model .
healthwyze.org check it out and make your own decisions .
look for sony mdr-ex51lp fontopia or sennheiser cx300-b earbuds .
does n't include full parts diagram & part numbers .
do n't buy any other one but this one .
and it holds your hand for far too long .
i do n't even call customer support anymore because:1 .
i walked 10 steps and it added 50 steps .
what i can not tolerate is mint with fruit .
i switched & went with the defender series .
too often the earrings hang down on each other .
so , the charger also works for my phone .
works equally as well for pizza and cakes .
over all great item at a great prize .
its large size keeps the foam from overflowing .
the toughest material in my wardrobe for sure .
just carry a regular terry cloth hand towel .
but this workbench does little more than make noises .
i clicked on the link and read about it .
i tried with less and it was still yukkky .
btw , the graphics are awful by modern standards .
the dvp used to come up just short .
very nice well build i like stainless still .
i have had it for over a week .
no problems so far and it seems pretty stable .
i have worn lee jeans for many years .
but there are two more should i care .
it is a cable for transferring digital signal .
cookies of exactly the same size , even baking2 .
it took me forever to get it off .
this was a gift from my brother in law .
i bought the hand held vacuum part at walmart .
they told me they would send me a r.a .
tried it , and wondered why my hands smelled .
( or maybe i am just lazy w/ cleaning .
it heats water to a boil very quickly .
this is the real deal with a compression clamp .
but i am not happy with this purchase .
dark arena is pretty much a doom clone .
in addition the anker provides more capacity at 1900mah .
i purchased several as gifts and everyone likes it .
the power time is double a standard battery .
the front cover snaps to the back cover .
it still holds up to everyday use for years .
it was not for me - curly 3/3b hair .
very nice product , with a very good price .
my daughter received this toy as a gift .
i am disappointed and feet are still cold .
my husband liked it but i do not .
without having to resort to our full size oven .
my daughter and niece were both given this toy .
but i certainly will not recommend to anyone .
the problem is this thing is just too wide .
the battery meter on the iphone works great .
i used to be an otter box fan .
this waffle maker is definitely not for morning waffles .
they offer moderate but not good or excellent support .
the holster is easy to use and swivels .
i have had my linksys router for 3 years .
i thoroughly recommend it to people wanting great popcorn .
they fit well and work exactly as the originals .
the quality has gone downhill in this brand .
it is the best filtration other than reverse osmosis .
that type of yeast if fast activating one .
and the cord for recharging is extremely short .
we even changed the battery it did n't work .
i have had to remove every one i installed .
the size is perfect for most cake recipes .
the pot felt very secure on the trivet .
not quite a grand simulation.other things annoyed me .
unit got very hot after a few minutes .
i do n't really use this stylus too often .
this game is waay too linear and boring .
these always perform perfectly in my isi cream whipper .
you had to fight to keep the button pushed .
i should have gotten a diaper washer/bidet instead .
luckily i have a cat and only 1/4 c .
could just be me but i returned it .
it is to wide and deep for this phone .
finally , i figured out what was going on .
i have n't had any problems with this unit .
having front and back protectors helps in that matter .
there was nothing there that should have done that .
ya you will love yourself for this one .
my twitch i is the rosewood handled version .
i boil the water and fill it half way .
would not use it on the face or neck .
update - i lowered rating to 2 stars .
i spat it out and continued with my routine .
the mda used to be a real guy magnet .
i seem to wear out cases very quickly .
i have used it everyday since i received it .
they are very firm and chewy more than gummy .
i am on the hunt for volumizing products .
they really did a nice job with this case .
it did not remove my eye make up .
tested it in another vehicle with same results .
i am really pleased with this coffee machine .
this was great as a dock for my 4s .
build quality is fantastic , excellent to cut bread .
i had to give all of the packets away .
for the price and the strength i love them .
so i bought a netgear and problem solved .
other than that they seem like decent material .
kind of a must have for every cook .
bought it for my friend and she loves it .
i will not be purchasing this brand anymore .
all the adaptors were too large for my faucet .
no mid-level saves here to make things easier .
this is the worst ice cream scoop ever .
i continued taking it for a few more days .
you will get loose bristles inside your camera .
this is one of my favorite units though .
left hand swoops and brushes , right hand vacs .
even faster than a gas grill to heat up .
might work great if your dog never chews .
the v-slicer is very sharp and easy to clean .
the msg just adds to the unpleasant flavor notes .
i love nearly all the flavors of this brand .
this has been a great pitcher for filtered water .
save your money and buy this shoes somewhere else .
they wash up easily to and are very nice .
that would be about 5 hours in the oven .
if you have a problem with your sellers .
but too much work and too much mess .
the protector works nice on the sun light .
pre-seasoning on this skillet was kind of a joke .
it has not been a great experience.first the positives .
firstly , it takes forever to raise your levels .
extremely difficult to get on and off the phone .
i did not like the consistency of this product .
i will definitely recommend it & purchase it again .
this knife sharpens easily and holds edge extremely well .
glad amazon has a great baby item return policy .
i live alone so no one else uses it .
doing phone calls in stereo is also quite refreshing .
this is a very bad quality material product .
i purchased this for my lady friends daughter .
this was the best purchase of the holiday season .
pretty easy to assemble and exactly what i needed .
i recommend this for anyone who enjoys cooking .
does not go well through the wash though .
the headset is paired with an htc touchpro 2.pros:1 .
someone was thinking though when they designed it .
one charge , one test and back it went .
i use mine with the small wuesthof chopping block .
i feel safer getting my calls accomplished while driving .
i thought this was supposed to be universal .
bad news - dry pak leaked both times .
had used it for more than 2 years .
hanes needs some better quality control these days .
after getting it back , it still behaved erratically .
i honestly felt like my fillings were coming loose .
everyone and i mean everyone sweats it lol .
walden farms seems to be a really hit-or-miss company .
the charger is light and feels a little cheap .
then i hit barthandelus boss and i am stuck .
pairing from scratch required for the speaker to work .
i measured myself and did have the proper size .
delivery was fine but the product is junk .
the added voice commands make it even better .
my face felt clean and smooth right after use .
i would not recommend this cable to anyone .
got this in an attempt to contain the granules .
i knew i had everything hooked up right .
needed something quick & inexpensive for small office .
i 'd rather be overweight and enjoy my food .
the problem is they changed the formula entirely .
it is a 5-quart instead of a 4-quart .
i am up to the civilization stage right now .
that box was in a bubble wrap envelope .
this thing works great on lemons or limes .
water had an off smell the first couple uses .
i bought one for myself and 2 as gifts .
however , this is falsely advertised and completely overpriced .
just straught into a blood omen clone that .
this charger is great for many usb chargeralbe devices .
amazon took the return and had great customer service .
food automatically centers where the blade stay the cleanest .
i called tech support and they said download here .
one of my cats wo n't even touch them .
this flask is the best i have ever used .
they do n't feel as substantial as ceramic plates .
pity i had to gave this to my lady .
certainly not worth the money i paid for it .
i then realized its because its a fake .
it is especially useful for sharpening hunting knives .
amazon sells a 30 day supply for $ 14.99 .
i wish i had done this years ago .
i have other shadowline gowns that i adore .
i have 6 of them in multiples colors .
these are great and just the right size .
i buy three or four packages at a time .
i ordered this set and sent it to him .
made my hair very tacky and dull looking .
the colors were not true to the example shown .
led light is about the right brightness imho .
no issues using this for my ipod touch 4g .
they have a newer version that works much better .
improve the quality of the covers or 2 .
i have only recently begun buying fiesta products .
the dog will seldom if ever find it .
poorly constructed with thin material on the inside pouches .
i am very pleased with these grapefruit spoons .
we all appreciate having salt and pepper within reach .
this toy is more trouble than it 's worth .
the anticipation level for spore was off the charts .
the water bottle is made of soft plastic .
or the silicon cover does not fit correctly .
as others have mentioned the knives are super sharp .
we fixed it 3 times while i was there .
by default they hide after a few seconds .
the park kit has single-size single-ended cone wrenches .
i was very disappointed once i received this product .
aside from this i love my pasta machine .
seems like others have had the same problem .
fwiw , the listed amazon vendor appears to rotate .
i have the same problem with truvia.something changed .
i like the case and use it regularly .
there is n't a holder for the power cord .
you can adjust the product to amost any size .
people tell me they can hear me just fine .
there is a power switch and volume switch .
it was uncomfortable putting on and i returned it .
but two things kept me from making the switch .
in addition to loads of tiny pimples all over .
so i thought it could be snapped back in .
i bought this for my son who loves music .
the price is incredible for this kind of case .
one empty xlear spray bottle and its equivalent water2 .
you can make about 5-6 pancakes at a time .
this case is except able and very sleek/smooth .
the voyager pro out performs any other bluetooth ! .
this thing came in bigger than i thought .
the pizza just disappeared as people loved it .
does my 4 year old like it ? yes .
the shape lets you easily hold it to mix .
in the end , the batteries are still great .
i would have saved myself so much irritation .
i change it once about every 4-6 months .
no bubbles or other inconveniences as with cheaper protectors .
just the peaches alone would have done that .
i decided to try them for my 357 revolver .
these spoons have a sturdy construction and useful shape .
expect to buy a new one every year .
it 's pretty much a staple in the kitchen .
keep it oiled and it will last a lifetime .
i wish i could give it no stars .
i use same type of tool for woodworking .
none of the coffee grounds have leaked through .
but it just did n't do it for us .
i 'm returning mine and splurging on another rosle .
i have owned many of these machines - mr .
this product is silky smooth on touch screens .
the only difference is the width of the opening .
the wires/cords are slimmer than your average earphones .
so far i have had no problems with rust .
this particular one i will not buy again .
i also would have liked a glass cover .
maybe tomorrow i will make pancakes for breakfast .
handy for storing all those extra plastic grocery bags .
i used it on saturday to frost 24 cupcakes .
it gets caught on things and is really annoying .
this is one of our favorite kitchen tools .
my first one lasted for close to a decade .
give me a new power to change the situation .
this machine completely obliterated all stains on the carpet .
thus here i am writing a review today .
this was the first blood rayne for the ps2 .
makes for nice , uniform slices for sandwich bread .
three days and still awaiting a reply from schwinn .
for me , the 720 had given perfect service .
everything snaps together very well with a little effort .
i would consider this a toy at best .
classy enough to use as a gift item .
this unit is well designed and comfortable to use .
that 's the best way i can describe it .
it works very nicely and it helps a lot .
in essence , this is perfect for my application .
the bottoms of all pans have shiny metal .
i will never buy another tournament fighter again .
the fun happens when there are multiple kids around .
no watching it on your payer in different rooms .
the shoulder seam is down to my elbows .
this is a great knife for the money .
i have small hands , and ordered a small .
order chargers in quantity if you like sparkling water .
does not charge my samsung s3 or s4 .
this is an attractive and very useful sugar jar .
got for a christmas gift for my grandson .
even simple things , like grabbing a gps signal .
it pulls the hair rather than cutting it .
i would recommend this to any home canner .
i am a big fan of pamela 's products .
it was a fair price and a good fit .
after about 20 on the ar15 it is done .
the shipping was fast , and price was great .
easy to use and the sound is acceptable .
i am not a moroccan fan of anything .
i own the desert handle version of this knife .
the great reviews swayed me and i got this .
i would not use my phone without one .
dead or alive 4 continues this tradition wholeheartedly .
floormates eventually get stinky and the filters get dirty .
love using this to keep wine fresh after opening .
took 3 weeks to get here from overseas .
this is nearly a requirement for any equipped kitchen .
i felt the product did n't work for me .
we had to go outside for it to work .
typical low quality stuff from you know where .
this griddle seems like a commercial quality piece .
i am using a rooted and modded inspire 4g .
the frypan that was delivered is different from photo .
not worth returning , just goes into the landfill .
i never use soap on my cast iron .
i have had several mono and stereo bluetooth headsets .
the actual product is precisely what was advertised .
so i 'm really not happy with bayou fitness .
i would play with the volume turned down .
washed it out well with water and tried again .
i got it perfect and did n't run out .
see the bbq pit boys recipe on youtube .
i am not sure what is causing it .
another dog training device i should have returned .
i think they missed the mark on this one .
they look nice and sturdy and well made .
not recommended if you plan on using a headset .
tie outer box can only speak for it self .
that one is a gem compared to this one .
this product has not been effective for me .
the units never feel hot and they run 24-7 .
this thing pulls shots like the local shops .
the power is usless even at the highest setting .
this one looks good and is well made too .
my large electric oven is terribly unreliable temperature wise .
i bought a set of these coolers years ago .
they need to take it off the shelves .
i highly recommend this brand and this pan .
i just bought a gba a month ago .
the not so good part is the taste .
happy with the performance of this air corn popper .
this was better than traditional way of cooking rice .
this one arrived and does work as expected .
well , i figured out a way around that .
perfect size for preparing dishes.it really works well .
ordered two of these to bake my christmas cookies .
or so ) with a mild oxalic acid base .
and yes , that was with the intercooler on .
currently two of the cups have cracks again .
that prevented them from sinking or going wonky directions .
if you buy this , you will get screwed .
one of the best and most useful kitchen devices .
i got this to replace a worn old l.l .
but , roll it on and the scent disappears .
oz lied to me or this product is garbage .
i love this product and would buy it again .
she wont play with it or chew it .
i gave this to my wife for christmas .
this sweeper makes for quick and easy clean up .
something about the chompion they just do n't like .
jump shots from 10-15 feet nearly never go in .
it made watering the garden not so hard .
i use this one as a back up .
i would look for something with tighter connections .
this product works fine on an ipod touch .
like it would age well and get softer .
heat honey in the microwave and stir into juice.2 .
no how.i wanted to love this facial cleanser .
i need al the support i can get .
dropped it and it pops off super easy .
i doubt it would even slice a tomato .
you can scoop ingredients perfectly with this particular shape .
it was okay but not great to me .
i have not tried it with a windows machine .
much more convenient than charging 1/2-way through the day .
i am not typically a ball cap wearer .
charges the devices at a great rate also .
i will simply add my voice to the din .
no smell and i recycle the grocery bags .
would definitely recommend this product and purchase it again .
they need you to get engaged in the characters .
i checked amazon and found exactly what i needed .
very well made and i highly recommend this case .
other than that , this is a fantastic case .
there are better toys out there for the money .
i did n't expect the outcome to be orange .
you do n't have to beep at me annoyingly .
popping time was about 2-3 minutes for 1/3 cup .
i love it and will buy another one .
i completely understand and accept a free market economy .
they are thick and hold up very well .
these filters work well as does the happ60-u3 .
i highly recommend warrior whey which is real whey .
it was hard to sick to my tablet .
it is frankly too small for the camera .
oxo has a winner with these.small and convenient .
it did not affect the touch screen at all .
i love that i have a food processor now .
this thing barely twitched even outdoors in bright sunlight .
no driver support for 64 bit operating systems .
my dog is quite the chewer i must say .
spend a few more dollars and get something better .
hubby actually liked that - i did not .
so it is a flimsy grill that flops off .
someone had a clever idea when they made these .
my biggest concern is that it keeps toppling over .
i only got mild burning of my eyes .
lack of oxygen is not the issue here .
it is a heavy pot with a heavy lid .
and i know i made the right choice .
she can use this with ease on canned goods .
do n't crack like they would in the oven .
for the price and convenience these cables are unbeatable .
the time and function displays are large and bright .
i just received this today , a week late .
this leaves the original iphone controls exposed but inset .
definitely worth the reasonable price tag and works great .
i was so looking forward to getting these .
mic placement can be a little tricky at first .
this card is super fast at file transfers .
i roll out the crust to the right size .
i also got the card which was another issue .
ive received my rothco canteen and im very dissapointed .
i do not reccomend this product for heartburn relief .
i noticed the lid was quality and tight .
sled storm for the ps2 is a huge disappointment .
protected the phone well for almost one year .
it is a well-built headset with excellent functionality .
a pie might be too heavy if stacked .
all seemed well when plugging into the phone .
these are reliable timers that are well built .
connected without any issues to his iphone and ipad .
i love this pan - it is very heavy .
i have this stock pot and i love it .
the foam is not very secure on the end .
i love colors , and these are so cool .
it was too old for even a new battery .
the stockings are made of the same material .
i am happy with it as i always am .
i contacted them about this but they never replied .
now i can not believe i waited so long .
nothing flew out of the popper across the room .
so much for making espresso and french press .
fairly basic , but with all the necessary tools .
have to write too much to leave a review .
i have heard back that they love them .
you can also access all the buttons nicely .
the case has a labeled space for each screwdriver .
does exactly what i want it to do ! .
the round marker seemed too big for her hands .
there is no real evidence that this product works .
this is what you would expect of corelle .
i tried everything they suggested , and nothing worked .
i could shave in half the time than before .
this just has an awful taste to me .
i will not recommend 3rd party 3d games .
i think this is well worth the money .
i have already replaced it with another product .
first , it has a slide switch for power .
this holder is extremely sturdy and very well made .
i only wish it came in different colors .
this is too difficult to put on and use .
it does not look gray to me at all .
i can not get the headset to stay connected .
the build quality of the iphone 4 is superb .
the device charges the batteries all the way .
you ca n't go wrong buying from either line .
the best example of rancidity is brown rice .
i drank every last drop of each batch .
so handy to use for my husband and myself .
we have 8 of these racks so far .
gave 1 star because this product is basically junk .
do not hesitate to buy if you need it .
this one is the first which has neither problem .
i 've owned a few and they work great .
will definately buy more if this one shoots craps .
love the price and function of this battery .
this fan is good for my small space .
that 's the only thing it will work for .
i play harp with some some that i perform .
you then have to reset to your last save .
this never fails to pull hair and is painful .
but it raises blood fructose which is worse .
they last about 6 months and it 's thrashed .
i am quickly becoming a fan of this brand .
1 hour from now it will be uninstalled .
arrived in envelope with the label as current resident .
this case has a nice look to it .
looks like the real gameboy ha ha ha .
the volume on the side could use some work .
first , the maximum volume could be slightly louder .
should be removed from the market for false advertising .
i just wish it had a themostat control .
bluetooth makes it easy to connect and use .
wanted a pair to listen to music without wires .
i stopped the music and the noise continued .
however , my product arrived as all stainless steel .
overall i was n't that impressed with this pitcher .
i was feeling real hopeful at that point .
i will recommend this as a great buy .
i arrive before the scheduled date , excellent prioducto .
i could even apply pressure without cutting myself .
not banana leaves , more like 100 to one .
any screen protector you purchase will have those issues .
warning some spoilers discussed possibly as i go on .
it opens cans easily and cleanly , every time .
i got my protectors 4 days after ordering them .
i did not care for these at all .
it is the sharpest knife i have used .
it wont even work for playing gamecube games .
i am very afraid and i am very angry .
i have this one for about a year now .
i ordered an xl pair of these gloves .
clearly there might be a market for it .
i personally like the phone a little bigger .
i like how its soft on the inside .
will use a cheap percolator if need be .
unfortunately it did absolutely nothing for my nes .
line the grease catcher with foil for easier cleaning .
those who have used both usually have a preference .
the paper and cardboard cut was night and day .
who was very appreciated for this expensive boiler .
this thing worked well right out of the box .
i requested a refund/return , and got no reply .
i just was n't something we would order again .
i honestly have no idea what it is about .
i may try a metal one next time .
just as elegant as the pendant casing and chain .
it really did n't do much for the pain .
otherwise you should be satisfied with this case .
i also like sorters with more than 5 shapes .
i will buy them again and would recommend them .
they taste like cheap mints in my opinion .
they really do a great job in that department .
this tonic makes it more like a boozy soda .
the jabra freeway is superior in that department .
just wont stay as good looking as long .
but the iphone 4 , it works wonders on .
it also wasnt the best smelling jerky either .
i was looking forward to the taste of cherries .
these hurt my feet and they were expensive .
the smiles and excitement is worth the price .
it keeps the ice cubes frozen for hours .
i will update after i have had longer .
i 'm tired of having to hand wash pans .
i returned this item 2 weeks after using it .
the clip broke when someone bumped into me .
it weighs only about an ounce and a half .
wish it had the wooden steamer head though .
gets most messes off of my cast iron pans .
it left clumps in my hair and yellow stuff .
and the new one wo n't be a cuisinart .
i am not very happy with the wax .
attracts no hornets and very few yellow jackets .
it grinds the coffee beans very quickly and fine .
did not do anything for my breathing ! .
i have had this camera for 6 years .
ordered for a friend who has the iphone 4 .
very easy to assemble and take care of .
it does not feel slippery in my hand .
there are only a few games to be had .
returned the first unit and tried a second .
they stand behind their products and have outstanding service .
one of my newer vacuums called for filters .
text looks very sharp and detailed as do pictures .
this dollhouse is so much larger to boot .
this is my second one in 10 years .
then i tried baking soda and also vinegar .
i will be trying to return mine unfortunately .
the matte finish does n't show any finger prints .
i could probably skip a day if i wanted .
i worry i 'm going to break it somehow .
i will not buying another ff game again .
but i just could not grow to like it .
it is exactly what is shown in the picture .
it also holds an immense amount of laundry .
i have the original boost case and love it .
and the hand extensions are perfect for my hands .
we had to have another one right away .
had to try to find the happy medium .
obviously you have to be aware of that .
i had it for alot of animals outside .
so ill probally come back when i need another .
charger is easy to use and charges pretty quickly .
there are better cages out there for less money .
2 minutes is plenty of time for microwave .
this is very heavy and easy to assemble .
i do not believe i shall re-order them .
easy to apply and it works very well .
also expect tougher leveling requirements than other games .
this one is the 2nd one we have had .
-- it 's no otterbox or rubber bumper case .
otherwise it does what suppose to do-cover the screen .
she says she ca n't live without it now .
just using regular old orville kernels , nothing fancy .
there are a few things that might be annoying.1 .
you get what ya pay for i guess .
does not have any style after initial wear .
note : we bought this blender in april 2010 .
at first , i thought this game was good .
it seemed much too short for 12 feet .
the frozen pizzas have a very crunchy crust .
there are better systems out there than this one .
since my last update , one major event happened .
this is a perfect size for a few salads .
my poor dogs had diarea for several days .
heavenly is what i think when using this product .
i would recommend buying this battery from another seller .
i bought two of these cheap ear buds .
i wanted really badly to like this popcorn popper .
for the price , i expected a little better .
my 20 year old one did the same thing .
wellness kitten brand cat food has been recalled twice .
it had a good non stick seasoning on it .
the flower pattern wraps around the whole whole case .
this is emptied by simply unplugging two plastic plugs .
unfortunately , this did not fit on my doors .
too late to send it back to amazon .
my cats have like the sponge cat balls .
i will not be without my wonderful egg cooker .
this game however is even too hard for me .
basically they hurt ! these ear buds are money .
you get what you pay for i guess .
it always fit snugly but easily in the m-wave .
battery life as advertised and charging in very fast .
ubisoft laid an egg with this 360 port .
have had no issues or problems with it .
so much so i bought a second one .
i do use bluetooth , gps and wifi heavily .
unfortunately that was not the case for me .
left my hair feeling very sticky/tacky and tangled .
i was laughing through the entire 2 hours .
i am 5'10 and wear a size 11 .
this food processor does everything i need it to .
only 2 volts from the required 3 volts .
have had no trouble with the coating coming off .
they rated it at a 9.4 out of 10 .
i will see if it protects as well .
this obviously was the wrong one for me .
a long lasting blue tooth headphone with call capabilities .
every kernel popped ! clean up is so easy .
i wo n't add this to my shopping list .
newtrent made a youtube video demonstrating this unit .
well , this beauty is one great inexpensive knife .
will not tune properly on any preselect channel .
it 's a nice case with several design options .
it does n't take up much storage space either .
my grammie uses tracfone because it is so cheap .
i immediate try to make some orange zest .
i like the size of the blade too .
imitation of some game i forget the name of .
yes , i would recommend it to any cook .
i still reach for the hand cranked one .
i had absolutely no issues with my walgreens one .
i was thrilled to see that these were available .
here are some of the things i learned:1 .
this gave me the illusion of completely detangled hair .
it makes uniform pancakes and browns them beautifully .
this is a sharpening steel and it works well .
vegetables taste fresh and also come out great .
there is not any negatives to this machine .
easy to configure and very reliable voice quality .
i have been collecting fiesta for a while .
bought one of these because i liked the cable .
this product should not even be on the market .
recently purchased this item for my new yorkie puppy .
the sim card could get out of shape .
returning it the same day i got it .
do n't get me wrong it might be fun .
you really do get what you pay for .
it sharpens the knife so easy and smooth .
i was asked who my internet provider was .
bought this for my brother after getting mine .
worked perfectly on both phones i tried it on .
i replaced my honda fit horn with this disappointment .
it came very quickly and is an exact fit .
the return was easy , so i appreciate that .
someone , somewhere has a dark sense of humor .
this is very disappointing to say the least .
opening the wrapper revealed an ugly looking brown mess .
the plane flew once and then it broke .
the smaller containers i use to store seeds in .
well 3 weeks pass and not a word .
use some common sense when using the thing .
charges my phone and mp3 player while in use .
the company is excellent at standing behind them also .
c55 which is why i bought the upgrade.works great .
the tea tastes like plain black tea but worse .
the total saved in the drawer is off .
what it does taste like is cherry cough syrup .
needed extra backpacking utensils and thought these looked good .
comparing this with s330 is really very tough .
see how it holds up and report back .
it looks a lot better than it does online .
after a while it will peal off anyway .
the product was a waste of my money .
we will get back to you within 2 days .
it 's out of place in a zelda game .
feels great in the hand and is well made .
two screws & plastic wallboard inserts are included .
linoleum or tiles if you have a vacuum cleaner .
ones that specifically said they were for popsicles .
not really a good scrub or good for blackheads .
i never even tried to see if it worked .
this was such a good case for the price .
these cables are very cheap but work great .
these screen protectors have saved my phone numerous times .
the rack is well made and not flimsy .
it does cover up the ridge bumps though .
it did n't seem to do much for me .
but i consider only for that they work .
this first aid kit is such a rip-off .
it 's still going strong and makes great espressos .
i will buy again for my next phone .
for me it did n't do anything for me .
surprisingly , they paired easily and sounded really good .
i 've tried different angles by bending the base .
this one is a kt-ml-l3 not a ml-l3 .
the main section of the vacuum has great suction .
great bag clips but stiff to open and close .
it seemed to cut down on the plastic smell .
i have even sauted vegetables with no oil sucessfully .
i bought these at a very nice price .
i did n't care so much for these crackers .
i do wish the switch would n't have broke .
sprays never work so this seemed like a possibility .
i am just not impressed with this toy .
did not help with food cravings or weight loss .
does the job of keeping my iphone protected .
i was rather disappointed with this electric shaver .
the sides to the ledges are all plastic .
pretty good as far as screen protectors go .
people are always asking me i bought it .
it looks nice but the quality is bad .
i use the option that goes behind the head .
i tried 7 minutes but bacon was to hard .
they are actually too powerful for my intended use .
please note , this is not a slim case .
i have purchased an original authentic native union phone .
the roots are potent and work quite well .
it has also kept it 's sharpness very well .
you were an important part of the swg world .
those atleast are priced better.save your money please .
now i have started to buy the attachments .
i will keep it as a nice cover .
my hair felt noticeably softer and more manageable .
it is well made and well thought out .
the driver for this card will not install correctly .
i estimate that about 15 % failed to burn .
i have fried boneless , skinless thighs to perfection .
i have a full set of global knives .
until i got my hands on a 903+ headset .
just not as bad as electrostatic air purifiers .
an obnoxious buzzer sounds when eggs are done .
the graphics can be more compared with the gamecube .
there are scratches on the back of the case .
kitchenaid has a world of option available as well .
also , getting emblems is just all out difficult .
one of the silver plastic knobs broke off .
i got my g5 on august through amazon .
stay away from shifty 3rd party amazon sellers .
just what i wanted.very pleased with the set .
first ceiling mount pot rack i 've ever owned .
it 's functional decorative and matches my other fiestaware .
it is a bit disappointing to learn that .
it was not a pleasant experience at all .
when the wire breaks , you throw it away .
thanks to amazon return policy i recoverd my funds .
must have for any motorola phone with hdmi .
rubberized plastic allows phone to not be easily dropped .
i got this for my dad for christmas .
cute idea , too bad it is a crock .
even xenosaga had more interesting characters and story lines .
sometimes it charges and other times it does n't .
it gets very hot and cooks really well .
that battery expanded and is pretty much ruined now .
not sure what i will do with them now .
one pee pee and it leaked right through .
the taste of coffee is great with these filters .
it did absolutely nothing to diminish my dark spots .
they are light and the sound is okay .
more like milk chocolate.anyway , they are going back .
it is amazingly powerful for how small it is .
fits great and is very easy to use .
ca n't wait to slice a roast or turkey .
this is a great replacement that should not break .
i have never put it in the dishwasher .
i never minded paying for a quality tool .
it absolutely did not have any chili flavor whatsoever .
however , he complained that it kept falling off .
it was past the time to return to amazon .
the main issue is the narrow foot bed .
this replaced a plastic and metal oxo grater .
have not had any problems with this item .
i use the big ones for coffee and flour .
i do like games that come nicely packaged .
the mc2 finish will yellow a bit over time .
this thermometer worked just great for 6 months .
there is clear line of sight to sats .
the spinning portion of the lid works great .
this sort of microfoamed milk is delightful in lattes .
on paper , this looks like a perfect product .
i havne't seen anything around that can beat it .
and seems to be an authentic product with hologram .
for the price , this is a great dehydrator .
the biggest drawback to this headset is the charger .
i plugged the dexim in and static is gone .
for the big meals , this does the job .
the fifa series is a bad cancer for futbol .
dont you be one to learn our lessons .
this makes them stiffer and they seal perfectly.highly recommended .
the voice prompts for everything are very helpful .
we sent it back and got our money back .
some of the traditional cloth versions are too bulky .
i bit my tongue , however and moved on .
use warm water and a lot of dish soap .
item works well and fits a really small fridge .
no need for a constant parade of butter knives .
these slid along the rod with little effort .
hamilton beach cool touch deep fryer works very well .
as an added benefit , these are just lovely .
i do n't care how calorie free it is .
the adhesive was a little tricky in my opinion .
easy to lift off and replace when necessary .
held a decent edge but was never razor sharp .
these are used every day in my kitchen .
for the rack = 30 lb. , 10 oz .
it makes coffee very quickly and easy to clean .
the device features voice setup , and voice help .
even when i cracked these they did not glow .
protein is only 1 gram in a cup .
i have now had a response about it .
so i did n't realize this was truly marble .
which are hard as hell to get rid of .
can still feel the iphone when it vibrates .
i am a self professed non-lover of the game .
i am returning it for a competing model .
they sound like you are in a tunnel .
another serious drawback to the game is the camera .
only had it for a couple of months .
i 've had this pan for a few years .
they are perfect and the color choice was great .
try mogador certified organic cold pressed argan oil instead .
it heats up fast and maintains the heat .
only the height of an adult makes that possible .
i have owned this steamer for a decade .
the stainless steel is perfect for this use .
this cutting board is big , thick and heavy .
it was easy to use and worked quite fast .
way over priced and not good for wavy hair .
this thermometer works fine for all my kitchen tasks .
i was torn between 3 or 4 stars .
they make a much better and safer product .
needs wide straps that run down the back .
a few years later , so did the second .
please update picture to what you are selling .
this works so nice for lots of things .
i guess you get what you pay for .
cut is all wrong and assembly is sloppy .
none of my bands would fit this tool .
compaired to goldeneye this game runs very slow .
it did n't taste natural.my two brothers were next .
and it has a self-timer - which is useless .
no more knife block sitting on your counter space .
its very thin , plastic but i loved it .
they all seem to work about the same .
great looks but the design is really poor .
but it does not work with 64 bit computers .
much better then that plastic versions that show stains .
this household will never see boxed pasta again .
my leaf eater should be renamed string eater .
i gave this a shot after reading mixed reviews .
these pans work just like cake pans should .
the cover is difficult to put on each time .
to sum it up in one word unplayable .
i am not happy about this at all .
you can fit a lot of kibbles in there .
i am getting beyond 40 feet without interruptions .
i bought this unit about one year ago .
maybe if i had carpet i would like it .
they could be a bit longer for my taste .
nothing works as well as this inexpensive cover .
the seam material is nylon which makes it hard/stiff .
they should tell you that before you buy it .
you will use it almost every time you cook .
this knife went right into by butcher block set .
i have more times than you need know .
my son gave me these for mother 's day .
i only have 2 negatives for this device .
i like wilton brand usually but this was bad .
with caution , there should be no issues though .
after that the lid locking clip breaks off .
i also use it to charge my ipad 3 .
i had never had a cat before him .
other friskies flavors are even worse than this one .
i love the color ! so true to size .
it is easy to use and directions are clear .
it has both a pc and phone component .
then i tried it for the turkey bake .
over all worth the money - doe the job .
i am canceling my autoship for this item .
the button for answering the phone did not function .
the ad promised a change in 2 weeks maximum .
the laser beam on this is very small .
i have not found either of these issues .
think it may be good if phone was dropped .
both have to be careful about not dropping cell .
he got a good lesson in thrifty purchases .
all to prepare 1/4 cup of dried oats .
price is very fair for what it does .
just like the old one that i love .
it would do this with all the coins .
finally i was able to find another one .
i ended up removing most of the padding .
i would not recommend purchasing this deep fryer .
first of all , it was difficult to inflate .
after a month , i could see no difference .
it crashes when a single peasant is walking .
i use this all the time for quiche .
it sav3d me from buying a new phone .
since this review the paint started chipping as well .
they were cheaper here than at my local store .
easy to switch from bare floor function to carpet .
the story line is my next pet peeve .
this was just not the one for me .
all youdo is oil between the top and canner .
this game was given to me as a present .
i do not expect these to last long .
i did n't want to go through that hassle .
the design and heavy construction will produce good results .
used it twice a day for 2 1/2 months .
it was a down grade from ther others .
the size of the cover is very good .
it is also great with regular kneaded doughs .
much more precise than other and quite sensitive .
the 24 pack is economical and amazon ships quickly .
both my husband and i love this bluetooth .
i really should have listened to the negative reviewers .
it pours nicely right into the ice cream maker .
very inexpensive wadcutter pellets of about 7.5 grains weight .
we bought a gateway ar-230 in jan 2004 .
they are significantly better than anything out there .
i would recommend this for anyone who enjoys popcorn .
it is kind of herbal floral and perfume like .
it was way too easy to lock your phone .
i just threw the case in the trash .
the unit is easy to operate and program .
wish i had taken the other reviews to heart .
it became some sort of a twisted mmo/fps wannabe .
this makes them perfect and is simple to use .
this one came only lasting half a day .
back in the day pac-man fever was the fad .
it pours nicely and is just cool over all .
the recipe took much longer than we anticipated .
i like yogurt but hate those with starch .
i have used these saucepans for many years now .
i like the look and feel of these headphones .
you can tell just by the sound quality too .
it chops well and the motor is pretty strong .
filter should have been attached to motor end instead .
but this happens with most indoor grill pans .
but when mine is more of mustard color .
sorry to say something bad about nordic ware .
and this of course is n't a pleasant feeling .
and the perfect size for a 2 '' cookie .
my s5000 3mp takes better pictures than the s7000 .
the philips kettle is well built and designed .
did n't like the taste of this at all .
too hard of controls and tons of gore .
i 'm starting to rethink the box grater idea .
lightweight and easy to handle with a killer edge .
the outer shell is easy to pull off .
this screen protector does not stay on the phone .
it works circles around my prior rechargeable dirt devil .
the 2 prep areas suit 2 different height cooks .
might be good for a thin coated dog .
this was a gift from a family friend .
good when you want to make a larger loaf .
the damage has been done to my snails .
it will not brew coffee nor allow for self-clean .
very disappointing from an apparently major amazon client .
it takes a very long time to charge .
would love to have a screen protector that works .
i thought i could still hear the corn popping .
i have moved to cast iron or glass .
it also protects a little from drops being rubberized .
for my electrolux ultra silencer z3347-1600w.very happy with item .
i wo n't use anything else on my hair .
then i put it back on my phone .
now i going to throw out all 15 cups .
i got this phone for my little sister .
i called the number on the turbo cooker website .
let me start out by warning potential buyers .
i am very satisfied with this power pack .
the price was also right on this item .
like many other people here , my lock jammed .
only the manufacturer and the reviewers are to blame .
has not failed yet and charges rapid fast .
lastly , the box is just the wrong shape .
maybe good for people with extremely thin hair .
other reviews also mention this.it 's too bad too .
i hate being part of this throw away society .
forward is ok because it has two rubber stoppers .
it keeps the oil fresh and handy to use .
it sat in my stomach like a rock .
it survives it all and the phone is a-okay .
and it was very unlikely to shatter if dropped .
we have been totally converted to french press coffee .
i love it and will get another one soon .
i tried 3 different bathtub cleaners and nothing worked .
i just have to get this off my chest .
i will probably order one or two more .
i will be buying it from the manufacturer .
this inexpensive set is generally useful around the stove .
i had this product for 2 weeks now .
it 's also hotter as other reviewers have stated .
this case fits well and looks very good .
unfortunately this product did not do much for me .
these work very well and are easy to clean .
package states one size fits all standard scopes .
the actual case does not look like the picture .
and this is my first piece of revere .
with both devices , i have had no issues .
the colors and durability of the cases are excellent .
plastic will dull your knives more than wood .
oxo has some good products.opens bottles and punches cans .
looks like a mini sword for hors d'oeuvres .
it does what it is intended to do .
looks like your charcter is a hyperactive monkey .
i forced myself to eat it for a week .
this 'brush ' gets literally swallowed by my hair .
but i can verify the taste is not good .
anything labeled organic can be sold for better prices .
be sure you note the size before buying this .
i used this product for several months as directed .
i will no longer be buying anything from netgear .
i also use it on chickens or roasts .
i wish i had figured this out sooner .
kinda.overall , im pleased with it and recommend it .
the monsters automatically get stronger as you gain levels .
my right ear still clogged and hurting from trying .
i might have just gotten a bad set .
the product is 100 times better than zagg .
on low it 's acceptable as a background noise .
hamilton beach sent me a brand new broken replacement .
i had to buy a pot for camping .
did the water test and it worked great .
it taste like really sweet , superthick chocolate pudding .
i would n't waste my money on it again .
just the size i have been waiting to purchase .
i always had plastic ones of these before .
i do n't see how you can beat that .
also , the mic reproduces your voice very loudly .
the product was exactly as it was described .
sometimes you just have to get you hands dirty .
wilton are the only cookie cutters i buy .
my wife is petite and absolutely loves it .
you can reheat leftovers right on the stove .
i paid full price for a genuine collectible .
it holds all of his snacks and more .
also great for large gravy making at thanksgiving .
the butter cup holds 1/2 cup of softened butter .
i love this little storage devise for that .
the elago slim fit case was a perfect match .
but you can not afford to go non-organic anymore .
you will be amazed how much coffee comes out.2 .
a few days later , the drive died completely .
it is made well and is easy to use .
works with iphone and ipad from my experience .
the light means that it 's connected and charging .
farberware 18/10 stainless steel cookware is a good line .
you can pay more but why would you ? .
if you pull hard enough they will open up .
nothing ever sticks and cleanup is a breeze .
also , you should look at the recipe book .
bought as a replacement for my blackberry curve 3g .
not sure which stores are available in your area .
let me tell you the good points first.1 .
my son seems to like it so far though .
this case saved my iphone 4 multiple times .
i am very happy with the whirley pop .
to end it all , the ending was just .
neat idea - usb plug retracts into the case .
i use this product while preparing almost every meal .
no one is saying how long the burn last .
i only wish it were not made of aluminum .
it works well and has held up nicely .
we thought it was the battery but no .
i am going to buy one more of these .
it is almost worthless for using with liquids .
what i received definitely looks more like the griprite .
i bought this to replace my seche vite .
the three protectors make up for the lost one .
which is exactly what i 'm about to do .
i 'd honestly recommend something with all metal parts .
i would try it if i was you .
6 cups ) and even less for smaller amounts .
sound quality is good - loud and clear .
get it you will be glad you did .
he was still playing with our other cat .
now the part that made me fall in love .
not quite as easy to clean as they promote .
it worked great when i first got it .
my shure earphones sounded like claws on blackboard .
have owned this coffee pot for about a month .
the leather is real and smells so good .
it has charged my batteries in 15-20 minutes .
the raised edge alone is worth the money .
just did not hold up to my energetic kittens .
that 's the whole reason i wanted this model .
lets just say , if you own a vaporizer .
i really have no complaints about the function .
i 'm still using my roland stomp box tuner .
it is solid assembled and has no lose parts .
this product made me more moody and emotional .
you 've got to see this to appreciate it .
this charger worked exactly as it should have .
x-box dvd is so much better than ps24 .
i sure wo n't bother looking for these again .
i really really really wanted these to work .
not much can really go wrong with this pan .
this leaves excellent grill marks on steaks and burgers .
maybe try putting it in hot bath water .
now i hit every one i go after .
we purchased this because of the excellent reviews .
i try all different brands all the time .
makes a great very good cup of coffee .
i ca n't see the metal jar bottom breaking .
my game immediately froze and made a humming sound .
maybe its just not work for me d : .
i just use them in freezer for cheesecakes .
it was hard to put on and remove .
the cord could be a little longer though .
they do n't seem to be exceptionally well cushioned .
took some creative cleaning to keep using it .
they function very well for measuring baking goods .
add a bit more water and yeast though .
it makes perfect waffles every time and very quickly .
just not what i wanted to protect my iphone .
the price makes this knife a super value .
in that time , the motor is already broken .
i think it is perfect the way it is .
i dunno , some dogs like 'em i guess .
we usually use chinese china bowls for noodles .
maybe it would work better with a different writer .
just ripping them apart in a methodical rage .
arrived safely packaged and ready to use after washing .
but the corelle has seemed sturdier in my experience .
order small and return it if you need to .
nothing good can come of such a thing .
you cut them to whatever length you need .
i have had no problems with this charger .
it is very good for cooking small side dishes .
it should come by default with the phone .
it does n't get stained and stays really sharp .
charge is not held as in the panasonic product .
i got one like this 3 years ago .
not as big as it seems in the pictures .
purchased the slimblade model and have had no complaints .
what can i say ? they are measuring spoons .
just need to adjust to this different style .
has not stretced like any sillicone case would .
use thewhirley-pop stovetop popcorn popperto pop the corn .
need more quality control before i buy these again .
the work professional in the headline is misplaced .
i had this product for less than 6 months .
its fun for the kids to watch it pop .
i was pleasantly surprised how sturdy this rack is .
tonight is the first time i am using it .
i really like the idea of this toilet paper .
however , the game is not a bad rpg .
it does seem that dough gets stuck in there .
if you want this one get it soon ! .
this thing should be around for a long time .
in my opinion , that is to be expected .
i was pleased with these headphones until last week .
you can cook a lot in this pot .
more than enough for my music and videos .
the whisk performs well and is easy to clean .
no problem with leaking or the lid falling off .
you have the traditional meats and cheeses and veggies .
i will not be using this brush again .
everyone is asking me where i got it .
buy this im sure you wont regret it .
this was done quickly with power to spare .
after 5 or 6 years our old z .
i owned and liked a more basic breadman machine .
i think a medium would have been more comfortable .
safe your money and just buy organic produce .
polycarbonade pitcher is light weight and seems very strong.5 .
either that or it was a seconds reject too .
it easily goes from stove top to oven .
my friend absolutely loved this set of knives .
great dutch oven that should last a lifetime .
you have to jiggle things around to fix it .
but again she needs help changing the diaper .
in the end , you always pay for quality .
it works well and gets the job done .
unfortunately , it just stopped working after several months .
i must admit , i also own a 6-qt .
the ones here do not stay locked on .
you will make the best popovers in this pan .
i purchased a cheaper version without reading the reviews .
i did like the lightweight of the expandable hose .
it made baking bite sized appetizers a breeze .
it claims to have minimal stuffing for minimal mess .
i bought this pack for our french bulldog puppy .
this machine has unbelievable suction and a huge bag .
as you can imagine , that ruins the experience .
bought this game and returned it the next day .
he had been suing the westbend oil popper .
however , the tripod comes with a good warranty .
the white color fades so quickly from the heat .
this is perfect for my cotton swab container .
not sharp enough to even cut puppy poodle fur .
this item is also corded , another significant hamstring .
however the first basic white loaf came out great .
the old formulation used honey as the main sweetener .
more like something i would get at a ihop .
i now only use the press for travel .
i used it christmas morning for the first time .
i got the pink one for my wife even .
this case was the best thing otterbox ever did .
i was laughing as i read the other reviews .
very nice quality shoe for the right person .
and it truly does what i need it to .
i love that i can get attachments for it .
others apparently are having the same problem as well .
it is slower than old version of internet explorer .
i think it is a bit of a scam .
i like racing to be honest not tag .
my son is in college and a vegetarian .
the warrior is just not worth the price .
the ear muffs are of a very low quality .
i just got the batteries and the charger .
i also did not care for the smell .
i am already scouting for another battery case .
it has to be good on floor and carpet .
try some other brand if i were you .
it 's not the most beautiful shade of gold .
the bottom of this litter box is not flat .
the signal goes in and out constantly without reprieve .
the clincher is that they just do n't work .
it feels like polyester and is badly made .
these are very dark chocolate and not very sweet .
the knife has a couple of spots of discoloration .
used all natural spray instead to be safe .
got this for the evo when i had it .
we keep the old one in the camper now .
the shears cut through bone as easily as muscle .
the thing for protecting your fingers works great .
my wife used this case for her iphone4 .
nausea , diarrhea & headaches can also be experienced .
we are upgrading to the dogwatch underground system .
some have complained about the lid falling out .
the copper wore off after a few months .
i can honestly say laza products are the best .
she needed to replace it and purchased this item .
what can cause them to break ? almost anything .
i am glad i ignored them and purchased anyway .
i 'll probably never bother to finish this game .
may as well have made it an fps .
i use it for baking my french macarons .
the blade mechanism is easy to remove and reattach.5 .
i might buy more because of the price .
the camera is just as obtuse as everything else .
it works quickly and does n't drip when poured .
i even tried wrapping them aroung a pencil .
this was given to my neice with 7 kids .
great product i would reccomend it to a friend .
bought one for each of my german shepherds .
i 've always seen him butter the stuff though .
used this for groom 's cake which was tennis-themed .
most expensive and worst blender i have ever had .
the packets are simply tossed in the shipping box .
there is something seriously wrong with the product .
this is a very simple and reliable timer .
i did not realize how big they were .
i would highly recommend incredible and other android/htc phones .
they look like i bought them last year .
provides good view of screen , not too dark .
my digitizer & lcd have been broken as well .
it 's used often but not heavy loads anymore .
everything comes out the same as a regular oven .
so if you need this item get it ! .
the potatoes are pasty and have little flavor .
the unit will sometimes leave the display on .
i 'm surprised the other people found this fun .
the magnet is so small it is completely useless .
they even match perfectly with my temp-tations from tara .
i keep my house at 78 in the summer .
the sound this little earpiece puts out is phenomenal .
put your prepared bird on the bed of potatoes .
our dog figured this toy out very quickly .
i tried pressing it too to make sure .
this was in original and unopened t-mobile retail packaging .
not because the smartphone is bad at all .
and it makes the unit a lot bigger .
the handle bar connector works fine and pivots .
i tried but could not turn it on .
it simply does not put out to the test .
i am using this with my palm centro .
i can understand why people complained about the dash .
these forks were purchased to match an existing set .
chemex is the cadillac of glass coffee makers .
i took the handle off and vacuumed my couch .
i received one bar of his awful tasting mess .
i would not trust traveling with my crossbow .
the other age of empires games were great .
it is a very nice set heavy though .
feel as tho i just throwed my money away .
inulin is just bad news for sensitive tummies .
a cleaning brush is also a good investment .
even my husband had difficulty getting them out .
unfortunately , the game just reeks of bad quality .
i received 1 slotted spoon and 1 spatula .
it arrived on time and in new condition .
not enough material to cover a barbie doll .
yes , the blade holds an edge that long .
it 's a shame to be inconvenienced like this .
correct size shavings and holds plenty of pepper corns .
i just had a time with the warming tray .
had to replace the battery a second time .
an year later i tried generations leader starscream.much better .
and the computer is turned up to maximum volume .
the bristles on this brush bend and fold over .
works perfect for what i need for cake decorating .
it small size can fit pretty much anywhere .
this 6 foot cable is exactly what we needed .
reminds one of sesame seed oil /sunflower seed oil .
the hoses and cords are really long too .
we use on all of our company phone .
immediately sent me a replacement box of these .
just chew gum immediately afterwards to fix both problems .
i thought it was well made and durable .
i would give this a 3/5 for protection .
this quality of this product is very poor .
i seriously think these clips will outlive me ! .
the size is perfect for a single person.2 .
put it back together and see if it works .
this package was a deal by ordering the set .
this brushes make my face feel dirty and gross .
this pair is durable and i was pleasantly surprised .
our guests often ask where we got them .
it contains much of what you already have .
or a feral cat is messing with it .
it is retractable and charges your phone quick .
the graphics and gameplay are very out dated .
microsoft needs to design one for the playstation 3 .
just follow the instructions and it should do well .
purchased for father and ordered his normal size .
everyone that i gave it to loved it .
you will be super happy making your fresh pasta .
this shirt seemed to be made well and durable .
they could have done a better job with it .
controls are the worst for kicking field goals/punt/kick offs .
i bought the for an old 2000 computer .
gave a try a few times just doesnt work .
the material is rough and uncomfortable to wear .
just lock your phone and u should be fine .
so i have terrible anxiety and stress issues .
i would not put my phone on it .
and i 'm not rough when i handle tech .
so the sound on this headset is really amazing .
there is n't any story in the whole game .
great price , stick pretty hard to the glass .
the blade is relatively easy to clean as well .
so , i thought my oven was just slow .
it gives your iphone a beautiful red gloss.2 .
the idea behind the flexible stand is fantastic .
i had been seeing ads for mio for months .
the biggest drawback is there is no interior light .
cheap looking and imo not worth the money .
recently , i ordered the certified organic raw walnuts .
i bought another one in a different color .
i tried using just the tips of the tweezers .
the price is great its a win win .
they make amazing phone designs and solid build .
i am a victime of the keurig company .
i only wish they came in other colors .
blade quality leaves a lot to be desired .
the lid fits tight so very little steam escapes .
this product performs as it says it will .
it 's suppose to feel this solid and hefty .
its a cool little tool that does the job .
i gave it to my coworker who favs it .
on glass they stay up maybe thirty seconds .
she loves it and says it works perfect .
only plus is the hold the approved amount .
i 'll see how it fares from now on .
this peeler is easy to hold and use .
works as well as models costing much more .
do not trust anything the government ever says .
20.00 to receive 6.00 worth of still not pos .
bought sense is better than any , they say .
i was looking for one for my brother .
the same thing occurred with 2 different carafes .
i think i bought this ten years ago .
this device has a problem maintaining a wlan connection .
zukes will never be welcome into my house again .
it is the best cutter i have ever used .
not sure how long this guy last quite yet .
just after christmas , i received two new units .
great low budget coffee machine for 1 cup .
to lie on in a twin stainless steel sink .
you just have to watch that and be careful .
lasted about 5 days and charged very slowly .
they are exactly what they say they are .
i use these all the time with no issues .
this has an energy formula incorporated into the multi .
i only charge it once a month or more .
the extra pockets are a nice touch too .
what else do i love about my corelle livingware:1 .
i own them in a variety of sizes .
but the scratches went away after a few hours .
i really like the ease of handling the jars .
one thing i had a problem with s vs .
i use gelish gel polish and nail cleaner .
before purchasing them my cabinet was a wreck .
all the buttons are accessible without removing the case .
easy to use and works fine so far .
no tricky tactics , cause anyway everything is scripted .
kind of defeats the purpose of this product .
very easy to use and makes great waffles .
i am using them to store ladies dress boots .
be very careful to grease and flour the pan .
it seems all successfull concerns eventually succumb to mediocrity .
for the price , i guess i expected it .
both are great and get the job done .
ready to add them to my christmas baking .
revise feedback september 17,2013this morning the case broke .
choice organic is not strong enough for me .
nice oval shape makes it easy to grip .
i purchased this based on the positive reviews .
i may have the only bad one ever made .
the load times are very long and very frequent .
i was skeptical after reading some of the reviews .
it was a great case for the price .
using the provided cylindrical ice forms was a bust .
this means creating new files or updating old ones .
i love using the cuisanart mini-prep food processor .
this does not hold any interest for her .
it is easy to use , bright and nice .
i 've used the press and electric coffee makers .
the new 20-slot block will last many years .
it holds the postition you place it in well .
do n't know what i was expecting from these .
this product is not only cheap but really cheap .
a full world to roam around and explore2 .
stick with da bird and a laser pointer .
this worked the first time we plugged it in .
i was in a bike shop looking at cages .
it was well made just wish it was taller .
i think an older child would enjoy it more .
i have had my cuisinart machine for 30+ years .
the meat cooked evenly and clean-up was a snap .
so i bought one and tried it out .
i ordered 3 of these and only two worked .
a lot of the new options are over-hyped .
steaming the eggs makes them peel like magic .
not sure why the price went up thought .
got a clear protector instead of the anti-glare one .
still seems like it is working pretty well .
i have not found it to be so .
amazon is pretty great to return an item through .
for me the slim silicone case does well .
i recommend baxterof california products or jack black .
you will be in for a long cold night .
i was surprised how well it does work .
and it comes in lots of lovely colors .
it is worth it for that alone to me .
these products are much cheaper than frontline or advantage .
dirt cheap and it works like a charm .
i have really enjoyed reviewing all of the recipes .
were small durable easy to keep in small kitchen .
this can opener is much easier to grip .
they are lightweight , and the grip is fantastic .
i usually eat soup or leftovers at work .
the holder is attached very securely to the bike .
i have two bags now going to waste .
any decent smoothie would blow this away for nutrition .
not worth a plug nickel in the long run .
then to keep my ff account bought the game .
it works very well in my bathroom cabinet .
do not buy these if you can help it .
forcing will break it and is not necessary .
i like the additional features on this timer .
and that 's a name that stands for quality .
the zippers on the legs only go the knee .
-- long battery hourscons- doesnt last forever.highly recommended .
this pretty much replaced my shredder and slicer .
opened the package and found a broken mirror lens .
my son has played with it very little .
he was witty and had some backstory to him .
these glasses are very heavy and very sturdy .
i get compliments on them all the time ! .
it seemed more like work than a game .
amazon should take this product out of its site .
when you are finished , turn off the motor .
something really needs to be done here.i love madden .
its a galilio dpd t7373 2000 mah battery .
consider another kit , your employees will thank you .
i bought this excited that it would pull through .
the bow combat in that game was great .
you use your mouse to aim and shoot .
i used three times before i had to stop .
this is what he uses and he loves it .
not really worth the money in my opinion .
it is actually not useful on its own .
nice quality and it feels nice in the hand .
good thing i can be ambidextrous when needed .
since the goal is to take between 15-25 mg .
skip this one and move on to greener pastures .
this se item which i received however is junk .
the pan has been used many times since christmas .
or it holds the trap up and shakes it .
a very cheaply made undersized piece of junk .
adds a little more dimension to the clunker .
i was surprised at how flimsy it was .
i know my water has been filtered now .
this was great to have in the bathroom .
it worked perfectly fine for the htc evo 3d .
no no no no no no no no no .
i 'm glad i did it a second time .
this set has nice sized mugs for coffee .
inhale a few times i feel like gagging .
i have no complaints about its quality or looks .
i trust the name and so should you .
i own several timers and this is my favorite .
this is made in germany with high quality blades .
the two tone design makes it look slimmer .
i tried soaking in bleach then wash really good .
they arrived within a week , right before thanksgiving .
just too big and to much going on inside .
didnt work too many bugs and issues with assertions .
this is a must have for evo 4g users .
woudlnt buy this if it was half the price .
i ended up throwing out all 6 boxes .
i would not recommend this product at this time .
i use it all the time in my recliner .
i have the htc evo 4g smartphone from sprint.update .
not one worked with the new trent battery .
feel free to ask any questions in the comments .
this pan is perfect for my morning eggs .
this knife solve the knife handle problem wonderfully .
i think you can juice celery in either machine .
i 've not had any clogs so far.highly recommended .
with this feature it works well on both surfaces .
it is as described and i like it .
the big deal about this grill is its portability .
this is a great alternative to all clad .
and a nice smooth replacement case as well .
i have numerous keen 's both hiking and sandals .
roxxi has violet-blue eyes , with dark auburn-red hair .
first use made a great tasting cup of coffee .
the sandals pinch between toes and are not comfortable .
fits nicely in my small stubby little hands .
the gameplay is boring and not at all intriging .
get it if you want to be irritated .
more kernels pop than with the micowave bags .
the plastic cap seals pretty tightly for freshness .
i will definitely buy another one when needed .
oh yeah and the fragrance is very strong .
what follows is for an innova pressure cooker .
another flip and the cork falls off the screw .
i had very disappointing luck with this one .
i do not recommend this can opener at all .
not as aesthetically pleasing as the more dainty cables .
i have bought them for years from jc penney .
the zooming mechanism is noisy and appears cheap .
i first heard about goji berries on dr .
it cleans your hair , but doesnt help it .
our older wireless-b d-link card performs much better .
i recommend this if you need a spare battery.thanks .
however i highly recommend this product for home use .
but it is very sturdy and works very well .
had an ipod with a broken ribbon cable .
the plastic coated metal bars are starting to rust .
but this one looks as good as it performs .
this product was not usable or even helpful .
it makes you sweat , that is for sure .
this one is far sturdier and works well .
i read the reviews before i bought this product .
the one with two large prongs goes on top-right .
assembled in china & will not be dependable .
and she is an 11 pound adult dog .
the only penalty you receive is losing studs .
i can finally take my wallet out of hiding .
sadly this one not what i had expected .
it glides across the carpet and the floor .
i can access the mute button without a problem .
it mostly gets used for veggies in my kitchen .
keeps your screen from getting all scratched up .
these work so well and easily with my dehydrator .
i do not buy food items from china .
without the grate , this does not fit well .
i only wish the plastic protector would stay on .
all the spell animations in the game look stupid .
it is very pretty but not great quality .
it has been laying around for a year .
i would n't buy them again at any price .
this will not plugin to your phone or ipod .
this particular tape is very narrow , only 2mm .
i suddenly had 6 pieces in my hand .
i bought one for my best friend for christmas .
i have been a loyal cuisinart user for years .
it 's really easy to take off as well .
i would look elsewhere for a better product .
my sore throat looking for a bit of relief .
looking forward to making creative recipes in this pan .
i 've had better results with much cheaper products .
a 6 count usually lasts us about a year .
it was has the highest rated grinder on consumerreports.com .
i really feel like my iphone is protected .
i love this pan and use it frequently .
they are just thin tin and easily dent .
for the price they should last alot longer .
this is now my go to fry pan .
they also complained that my signal/voice broke up sometimes .
this beats the doors that do n't even open .
i reached into her throat and pulled it out .
these spatulas have a nice feel to them .
it is equally at home on a gas range .
next to the klean kanteen it looks great .
look for an adapter with an ftdi chipset instead .
they make a larger one for a louder experience .
i own a cuisinart tob-195 exact heat toaster oven .
this one didnt hold her interest for a minute .
the seams have a started to come apart .
we bought it reconditioned and it is fine .
even a basic body wash does a better job .
too bad the lid costs more than the skillet .
sound quality is awesome and the mic works great .
sorry gelish , this color is a no go .
love their clippers , but their blades lack quality .
they were fine once applied , but not perfect .
my oxo scooped its last cookie this week .
it may be i just received a defective one .
i hated the way it felt in my hair .
but high is like sitting inside a wind tunnel .
customer service for presto is so far excellent .
i have it sitting in my kitchen windowsill .
could not get it towork as bluetooth modem.24 .
this product irritaed my skin more than anything .
magazine filled in no time with every round .
it is pretty easy to clean and to learn .
the plantronics web-site walked us through the process .
now i have no room for any more blades .
that 's pretty much all there is to it .
very useful when picking what to wear every morning .
my urine also became bright yellow after taking this .
i use this to ice my lower back .
hace had this for a couple of years now .
it is easy to turn slide etc on these .
great finish on spoon restcons : very utilitarian design .
this game is too old to be played .
i ended up using it for a lot more .
these are a great value for the quality .
and it is listed as a body lotion .
always a good place to dump unloved food booty .
now the thing dosnt even allow audio signal through .
i was glad to see it was still available .
see my review on the same product in black .
i had to try this after reading its description .
it has a coconutish smell with a grandma perfume .
i was forever getting more than i wanted .
but i guess that goes for any bag dispenser .
i do n't know if this works or not .
spend the extra money and get a quality tool .
my goof to not research this brand more .
it is pretty kinky and i sometimes straighten it .
spend the extra money and get yourself the best .
this is the best mixer i ever had .
this is not well made and will not last .
i 've had this case for several months now .
thats all you really need for wii/mii fun .
for the price you can not beat it .
the wii is literally a glorified game cube .
received the case and it would n't shut correctly .
we have been using this product for several months .
look like it will work great i hope .
my husband was also really impressed with its construction .
they have turned out perfectly for me every time .
i do n't think that will happen with these .
this slicer will deliciously make eating apples exciting .
i like that they can handle various temperatures .
the mic mute button actually has two functions .
it was for my dad and he loves it .
i bought it from a local department store .
used hot glue to put it back in .
he did n't gobble them up as i expected .
have to say you get what you pay for .
i love this blender in the brushed finish .
this thing burns and then i see no results .
using a filter means just tossing it out .
it was dulling the blades and ruining the knives .
i will probably buy more for my family .
some of the stages were scrappy and poorly designed .
the one i got was about 8 inches long .
used almost the whole jar ! still no flavor .
nothing else has ever done that in my washer .
i had no discernible effect even an hour later.2 .
there is nothing new about this sickly sweet cereal .
after one application i threw the bottle out .
i always have great experiences with anker batteries .
i liked the sensible foods brand much better .
those kinds of outdoor activities.reality is a bit different .
we have much better results using the iq ball .
i loved the first one and bought a second .
it tasted like coffee made with old milk .
only thing needed , they are not too thick .
it has made my cutting jobs much easier .
i suggest that you avoid dealing with tis vendor .
it feels really cool and moist on the scalp .
i figured i 'd also buy another in black .
in fact there ishardly any taste at all .
this does so , and at a good price .
ordered this thinking it would help with weight loss .
after about two weeks it had trapped one flea .
theirs much better games to play out there .
i will be buying this again for her .
i tried it out and it seemed ok .
just waiting for them to fall off too .
i virtually never have trouble with damaged goods .
this is my second purchase of this item .
i 've been using it for several months now .
i would almost say it smells masculine to me .
it barely comes down to my lower ribcage .
the case fits great and i really like it .
not cottony or like your typical stretchy top .
the camera is great as the reviews have said .
we cook pizzas on the grill with our friends .
i sort of agree on the sound quality .
i tried this and i do n't like it .
real lemon would not be anywhere near as intense .
it works sometimes and does n't 10 seconds later .
i got 0 peeling and no change in skin .
two of them in the last week alone .
was told that this was a really good gift .
so its going to the donate pile at work .
the screen protector was very easy to install .
these pans are fabulous and of superb quality .
this item is small in length and width .
i used passion fruit concentrate with a little water .
the rotary/push knob is a pain to use .
what happened , the reviews are always dead on .
this year i decided to take the plunge .
my girl dog was itching until she was bleeding .
but the scratchiness of the band was unexpected .
keep that in mind while reading the review .
also , kitchen aid has such great customer service .
the size is perfect for one pan family meals .
now i have sticker residue all over the back .
i had really high hopes for this game .
but what can i say , cheapo is cheapo .
i selected it and entered my encryption key .
received product on time and packaged as promised .
apparently nothing , short of a full-blown food processor .
i was sold and decided to try it out .
avoid the heartache and wasted titme of bad discs .
i personally am using cooking oil for mine .
this one should be around for a long time .
pac-man debuted on the atari 2600 in late 1981 .
the only thing i adjusted was the earpiece .
the product arrived very fast and in pristine condition .
the jabra supreme is the one i am keeping .
the plastic components seems to be well made .
this cover fits both the 9800 and 9810 .
i hoped this would help but i was disappointed .
rat on cat on nat on ant on mat .
this is a very large unit for a plugin .
until it broke -- after only a few uses .
i love the design and size of the device .
what can you say about a lodge pan .
we are a family of bakers and cooks .
this fish puzzle really did not work out .
using gps to drive while also listening to songs .
we had the same popper several years ago .
looks nice on the counter when left out .
i bumped the rating from 2 stars to three .
i 've been through two of these so far .
oz but did he actually try it himself ? .
here are the i do n't like about it:1 .
it make holding the iphone feel secure and comfortable .
the case is much sturdier , which i like .
we both plugged in our phones and it died .
my fault for not reading the instructions thoroughly .
the cuffs are extremely small and tight pre-washing .
no digging out with tip of a knife .
this little indoor grill does great for the winter .
the grill pan easily snaps into the plastic housing .
you just need this and an usb cable .
love the perfect fit and slightly nubby surface .
customize the amount of flavor in your water .
the amazon product page does not make that clear .
gave some to a neighbor who had same result .
firstly it did n't seem to work at all .
a must have addition to your cooking tools ! .
incredible that something so inexpensive can be so reliable .
i have trouble using my hands and arms .
you only dull the blade by doing this .
the yellow and green are nice bright colors .
even uglier than it looks -- stay away ! .
i have had this phone for around a week .
it comes up to temperature in under 2 minutes .
the price is sooo right for 12 glasses .
i 'll never purchase or recommend these to anyone .
the color is washed out on my skin .
i will be moving go a new whey powder .
also , really hot utensils have impacted the plastic .
they look great with my fine crystal wine glasses .
it was too much greasy smoke for the honeywell .
the battery came as promised , the 1500ma version .
i drink peppermint tea all of the time .
the clarity is very good in both directions .
i love the leatherman charge tti with a passion .
i have bought timberland before without this problem .
the initial impression of most quality headphones is mindblowing .
it is manufactured by sandoz and is prescription only .
and , it is easier to clean to boot .
it is quick and it can hold a lot .
that 's what plastic soda bottles are made of .
they look like we bought them from the store .
all the controls are on the right earpiece .
my main problem is the battery power and performance .
so i would reduce rating to a 2 stars .
also worth noting is the physical on-off switch .
everything burns in this thing unless you watch it .
i d n't have to worry about that now .
i like having more that one color too .
i talked to amazon and amazon was great .
what i look for in a case are1 .
i would recommend it for a medium size dog .
the 1.5 '' thick of this board is perfect .
i fly it inside and land on carpeting .
i really like the color coding on these mats .
it securely holds the phone in plain view .
this is a very good product and good value .
used this for several months and it worked great .
do n't pay retail at the cell phone store .
usually this reflects a liquidation by the manufacturer .
i almost always buy whole bean and grind myself .
the 1.5 quart size is perfect for single meals .
we actually can be productive with these phones .
it taste good , but it is too pricy .
this case is perfect it fits like a charm .
the mouse-look is exaggerated which makes it almost useless .
it is a great deal at its price point .
no feet or notches to hold a bowl .
we replaced a larger boos with this one .
i can only safely recommend the chocolate varieties .
the l-max is a what older system now .
it is really a nice addition to the kitchen .
my sister had to cut it with a knife .
the problem i had with it is the smell .
this makes the perfect size coffee for me .
much better than the nails i used before .
unfortunate because the price is amazing if it worked .
makes the canning job go that much easier ! .
then the real test for me was rice .
these little mitts are perfect little handle holders .
no problem w the semi noise in the background .
i am impressed by the new trent products .
just short of filling my coffee cup once .
now i never base my reviews on graphics alone .
be careful when using this product with neon tetras .
i have oily skin and tend to break out .
: ( i would not recommend this at all .
it just does not do what is promised .
so i have to restart the computer completely .
rounded sides leading to a small flat bottom .
they feel like small pebbles in my hand .
these corelle glass dishes are a good investment .
i ordered two because the price was so good .
i have not read one good one for psp .
read reviews about it on netrition.comor any where .
i wipe out the excess oil and store .
we were also dreamers of the same kind .
it looks nice , and it does the job .
this is the only you want and need .
oilwent everywhere as it fell to the floor .
this is a great case for the note 2 .
its cheaply made junk that will work some time .
it really cleared the counter and our knife drawer .
the search for something good and reasonable continues .
mainly it is a waster of time and money .
it folds up and can fit in your wallet .
it makes charging and syncing so much easier .
save your money for for a better game .
the amazon ad showed it was lipoic acid .
i had no problem with cleaning it up .
none of these will hold a samsung epic .
i could n't even get past the first level .
mounts usb thumb drives to my s4 effortlessly .
love popcorn and did n't want microwave kind anymore .
each form is the same and contains both forms .
this great feeling case is tough and sturdy .
i will probably buy some bottles of that soon .
i purchased this unit for wanted to poach fish .
the lodge pan works great for almost all tasks .
definitely a must have for people with an iphone .
also the material has a good feel to it .
their is nothing like exploring a new world .
disappointing because i would have ordered a larger griddle .
still a fun accessory to have in my bag .
this installment of final fantasy is definitely story driven .
do you best not to over feed them .
the dock is very strong and feels very sturdy .
i 'm not sure if it helps or not .
nothing about is has been improved what so ever .
the replacement batteries barely lasted for a month .
i highly recommend you get this for your phone .
these knives are not your typical henkels knives .
maybe i got one that was improperly marked .
after the update this thing has been wonderful .
and it does what it says it will .
i will not have my iphone until april .
there is much to like about this headset .
looks good and fits 2 loaves of bread .
i found this bar to be labeled wrong .
repeat this same procedure for the second device .
this almost redeemed the entire package for me .
the 2 participants using this one are not happy .
love this case and would buy it again .
i 'm rubbish at cooking rice on the stove .
thats the real rock star of the duo .
i had to call amazon and have these returned .
oh yeah , and this is really solidly built .
but i had also thought it would sync .
use low heat and it wo n't boil over .
the cat done more of the work though .
cheap undeveloped games going for 60 a pop .
good product if you get what you pay for .
don ' think i will buy shoes online again .
it was truly like a malt shop milk shake .
it dropped to 10 and maybe a little lower .
i have absolutely no complaints about this product .
these liners keep my cookie sheets looking new .
i 'm purchasing a second one for another room .
it still smelled and i was not happy .
if they are crappy they will strip the screws .
i am very pleased with the screen protectors .
i often have several things all going at once .
it still sounds decent , just not as good .
sorry revv is just not up to snuff .
i sprayed it before grilling and nothing stuck .
the threads will strip or the plastic will break .
i purchased the steamer primarily to clean floor grout .
worth the money if you have to slice bread .
looks good but dont trust your phone in this .
ismooth for the iphone is a much better choice .
grind is very consistent from coarse through fine .
because that 's what the cortisone will cost you .
and this is one time its worth it .
the fit was perfect ; no problems at all .
it protects my phone and is very durable .
he seems to keep down diamond or whiskas .
small sizes are great to reach in spice containers .
it 's easy to use and does the job .
it came in a bag and not a box .
too much heat and the motor will quit .
cooking rice takes time but the results are wonderful .
shes ready to oder anothor one and soon .
i truly do not recommend this to anyone .
i def.dont think its worth the money tho .
helps me say fully charged throughout my busy days .
can not even imagine if these were not sweetened .
the pants do not fit at all well .
did n't help to keep him cool at all .
i use these filters for my chemex coffee system .
it cuts well and straight like it should .
they should test the product before they market it .
the gameplay is decent , the navigation is easy .
not engineered to fit a woman 's back correctly .
this pillow supports my neck and shoulders while sleeping .
you need the steam to fluff the rice properly .
i gave up on this game pretty fast .
for the price , it is tough to beat .
both could damage itorch and reduce its life .
some reviewers complained of grounds in the coffee .
you could use this either for lunch or dinner .
the dominant flavor of this bar is of walnuts .
i 'm sad because i actually like the color .
that being said , i really like this scraper .
the thin fabric just does not help with that .
all of my other knives have been given away .
definitely splash proof with the little snap-on lid.however .
the maroon and yellow dress looks so poorly done .
i 'm sorry i spent the money on them .
the same thing followed on all the rest .
when i made waffles there were definite hot spots .
this is my 2nd one that i ordered .
construction feels non-heavy duty but they are lightweight .
two batteries should get you through the day .
makes the vitamix at over $ 350 look sick .
it was twice the price but well worth it .
there was a hype about no frame drop .
also , these gloves do not provide enough warmth .
very nice rice cooker , but just little pricey .
no rooting around in drawers or dull knives .
these things slip right off of my head .
first of all , the packaging was really cheap .
oh , there are cool points along the way .
i would definitely recommend that apple wireless router .
i read the reviews even ones not on amazon.com .
i bought this mouse at my local staples store .
i just received my brand new s500 this weekend .
i am actually pleasantly surprised with the audio quality .
you must make sure your phone supports it first .
the device fits on the 360 very poorly .
this is not what it says it is .
needless to say this is a big problem .
the batteries to not gain power.these are faulty .
my vacuum works better after replacing the filters .
the handset will not enable data access at all .
the stone will get quite stained in the process .
my cakes come out of them without fail .
metal case comes in a small box as well .
gold tone finish is rubbing off the bracelet .
i would have liked it to be 46.4 .
cheap plastic.10 ) grate is made of flimsy plastic .
get the metabolic if you have a fat one .
one day it simply stopped working without warning .
i played the game before but this copy sucked .
there are two reasons why the champ gets hotter:1 .
not big and lovable like tickle me elmo .
i must say their customer service is excellent .
it goes from closed , to a sloppy spray .
in it arsenic is found at a whopping 2.07ppm .
thank goodness because ours has been dropped many times .
i must have the worlds most stupid birds .
bariatric advantage shrinks my stomach and this does nothing .
the smell is horrible and leaves a white cast .
the overall feel of the game is very unplolished .
i forced it back in and rezipped the velcro .
the other two were give n go styles .
took dog hair off sofa and picked up dogfood .
i like therubber feel it is not plastic .
not one ding or scratch to be found .
they nest well and are easy to store .
the one draw back is the salad plate .
it did not work with my droid razr maxx .
again , not a preferred method due to waste .
it is starting to feel like ebay on amazon .
with the krups , the waffles came out uneven .
it has a nice weight to it , too .
enter the lodge 12 inch cast iron skillet .
they are a little taller than most fans .
the concept is cute but the outcome is terrible .
treats would fall out when toy hit the floor .
this is a great starter phone for a kid .
i used it the first day i received it .
it does not say belkin anywhere on the tool .
definitely recommend this to keep in your car .
the pole bent within hours of first use .
i reminds me more of robitussin cough medicine .
installation has been easy although removal requires some patience .
whoever wrote a good review about this product lied .
my entire living room reeks of dog urine now .
i bought this grinder about 3 years ago .
by morning however , i smelled an electric odor .
there are a lot of settings options as well .
there are a million of these out there .
love this charging pod for my blackberry torch .
once i got help , we had no problem .
buy it now and save yourself some money ! .
this shouldnt even be considered a brush for humans .
this product does a decent job at texturizing .
does not stink up your home while cooking .
i supposed that is why they make smaller bottles .
these pirates were very small and cheap looking .
oxo has a good reputation for ergonomic products .
these slide effortlessly on the shower curtain rod .
anything it could do the thermapen can do better .
the microphone provides clear sound on phone calls .
to be fair.only once is not a fair trial .
it simply can not connect to any wi-fi ap .
i purchased this as a gift for a friend .
save up some money and purchase a decent scope .
wish we had bought one of these ages ago .
it will drop the wireless connection at random .
these are incredibly flimsy and show knife marks immediately .
this is by far the best of the androids .
also i think i fought the wrong size .
amazing products are such a joy to work with .
it also holds up well in repeated dishwasher cycles .
i especially like that you can control the temperature .
amazon does not sell or fulfill this order .
received it in very good condition and no problems .
keeps coffee warm for hours and completely spill proof .
the cats made mincemeat out of my shoji screens .
they are set with various popular types of bait .
it could be resharpened if your vegetables dull it .
it has like a vegetable garden flavor to it .
it works well and i will probably order more .
does exactly what it is supposed to do .
i do recommend giving this item a try .
on the whole it is a very good machine .
does n't build up or wrinkle on your skin .
that ca n't be good for their eyes either .
the side effects of this outweigh the benefits .
the bottom is removable by snaping , not screwing .
moving air in the apt makes a huge difference .
dont buy this if you want a cool case .
two out of top three ingredients are syrups .
after a couple uses the handle broken off .
jeez was i sure wrong about the puree part .
it seems that jabra has bluetooth nailed down .
i bought it myself and just wasted money .
it has done all of that and more .
which is why it got worn out so quickly .
turns out the refurbs i bought were defective .
not anything its a cheap chinese made screen protector .
i was amazed that it even held water .
this dish brush works great for cleaning my dishes .
my cat got bored with this so fast .
everyone keeps asking her where she got them from .
seems like its for when you double a recipe .
no more hassles of toasting buns and dogs .
color wasnt right for my skintone shades too light .
i was all excited after reading the reviews .
lumpy cast marks and painted by a blind elephant .
the other fan purchased in 1995 did have vents .
i have owned this for about 4-5 years .
my mom also tried it out and loves it .
at all selective on what they offer for sale .
i would recommend it to anyone without reservation .
i ca n't say enough about these measuring cups .
i am also on a tight , tight budget .
google needs to develop something like itunes asap .
i guess standard for games are much higher today .
neutral enough to go with my other dishes .
the worst part is trying to cleanup the machine .
this is a handy size for smaller amounts .
that is unfortunately where this cart goes wrong .
ping is under 100 and download is usually 4.5mps .
this product shows as a nude lipstick pencil .
this is a really nice set of metal spoons .
but they come out dry and often rather flat .
buying this device right now would be foolish .
it was 1/3 destroyed in about half an hour .
the smaller ones are the perfect cereal/soup bowls .
insulin is the hormone that controls fat storage .
unhappy with the light color.its way to light .
it comes off with ease but , stays on .
i tried the honey mustard and the balsamic vinaigrette .
yet another waste of money on my part .
i find the start/stop buttons to be non-intuitive .
you ca n't even log on without the mouse .
this is my all time favorite microwave bacon cooker .
for the money i couldnt find a better set .
it really takes work to master all the controls .
these do not hold up to heavy chewers .
this is easy to fix.the case issue fix .
have a size large which is too big .
i 've had this happen to me three times .
but the size of the pan is perfect .
bought this as an extra cutting board on sell .
but 3 whisks for this price is excellent value .
you all know why you picked up the game .
normal use you can expect around 8-9 hours .
so it was not a problem with the phones .
no more bulky knife holders and this is brilliant .
i also try to respond to all comments .
bought the mom a cusinart toaster oven for christmas .
it 's also not that easy to shampoo out .
i did n't found any issue with this product .
not a challenging game with too many easy-to-exploit bugs .
then it starting stalling , freezing and basically malfunctioning .
simplicity is a designvalue and this device shows that .
plus replacement parts are cheap and readily available .
they just twist all around making it unusable .
i called customer service and they were horrible .
well worth the price and we always use it .
i use it in a whirlpool 750 watt microwave .
i think the zipper issue is a manufacturing defect .
i have owned several headsets over the years .
i ended up throwing the whole jar away .
i did not get one good use of it .
this phone just would not cooperate with that .
i have always been terrified of pressure cookers .
it works great and i am really pleased .
slightly tart but not to the point of pucker .
am happy with their looks and their durability .
it was exactly what i was looking for .
people with wider shoulders need a wider bar .
it does effect the screen resolution a lot though .
vertical butt flap that only has one button .
i will stick to the round brush and dryer .
it looks like new after 6 months of use .
this is my 2nd zojirushi - same model .
if your body tempture gets too low you die .
use it to find your studs behind the drywall .
my primary concern is my back and neck .
mostly it was just mediocre and difficult to use .
they never did but it was still annoying .
i was looking for a long cake pan .
we returned it and our return has been denied .
somehow i obtained a steak knife from someone .
to cheap and started breaking apart after a month .
i have owned this stone for about four months .
i 'm going to buy the canon s400 instead .
the noise canceling feature was just noticeable i.e .
makes getting cheese platters ready very easy and fast .
this one should last me a very long time .
great price and works like it was advertised .
the game choses that for you as well .
taking it off feels like breaking the case .
it cut quickly and did a good job .
i was really tired of crappy suction cups .
i love how it sits around the neck .
these are the best active headsets for the price .
it also charged my ipad 4th gen 150 % .
be sure to clean it after every use .
bowl to speed up the baking assembling process .
this set of ear plugs does wonders for me .
i loved this case for my iphone 3gs .
i gave it to my dad to fix .
they are happier with a thin fleece blanket .
there is absolutely nothing wrong with this case .
the overall originality of the game was non-existent .
i could never just find the right case .
only problem is the slits are n't wide enough .
it has been a fun and delicious cooking adventure .
i was expecting more from a planters product .
the old hook works better with wetter doughs .
these fog up on my face all the time .
very durable and the handles are very sturdy .
i purchased this particular model for a 10-yr .
mario kart 64 will always be the best .
it 's amazing what passes for innovative these days .
not true to size too small sending back .
i think i actually threw out the full bottle .
my 5 yr old cant do this so quick .
my other complaint is that the bags seem thin .
if you love dates , buy some medjool ones .
the rubber balls come off and get lost easly .
not like the mcvities i remember in the uk .
that does not hold true for this product .
this juicer will help you maintain a health lifestyle .
this is a great little set for every day .
we got the mixer for my older daughter .
these will come in handy when i need them .
unreal is much , much better in my opinion .
i would definitely recommend this mixer to anyone .
i am currently searching for a new presto ! .
the replacement coupler is $ 5.50 here on amazon .
the ring tone sound is not loud at all .
i have used this tool for the following tasks:1 .
could not get past the dragons in level three .
the right size for my pound of coffee beans .
i use this for my samsung galaxy s3 .
without having to resort to cheat codes for everyting .
there was no 4.5 star option and b .
i am so glad i bought this product .
for other locations the wire is the perfect length .
i quickly realized this tent does not breath well .
and the bottle is tiny like a sample .
it felt ok after i vacuumed it though .
he shredded the frisbee/flyer like it was paper .
vary the oil from a little to alot .
cuts through paper in a swipe like a razor .
i tried the hairspray and it worked just great .
he simply will not eat his food with nupro .
this gives the product 7 grams of sugar .
now am returning because these are too large .
crane radios - i wrote them for technical support .
those with normal function should not be concerned .
a hearty rap and tilting action releases the gross .
applications had to be reinstalled one by one .
and oh my maltese love them ! to pieces .
i was very impressed with the seller 's delivery .
it is not too light and not too dark .
however , that is another product and another story .
it is very easy to use and compact .
therefore the suction was not able to be maintained .
the speakers can be turned up very loud .
the lapiz is a beautiful shade of blue .
i bought this set for myself and my wife .
that was all it had going for it .
e-mails to the customer service department go unanswered .
it is near impossible to use the buttons .
it 's ready in about 20-25 minutes that way .
no defect of any kind , accurate and reliable .
i have updated the firmware to the latest .
i ordered 3 sports bras in 38 c .
i bought this product and used it as suggested .
when i end the call , the music resumes .
i am very pleased that it ended up working .
its worked a few times but just turns off .
i might have to downgrade to an older firmware .
i am so excited to use this pan .
a plastic blade guard would be a nice addition .
all of my other cd players are still going .
maybe i missed that point in the description .
the motorola elite sliver is a high-end bluetooth headset .
the product was delivered quickly and i recommend them .
then , they practice their letters the wrong way .
i added some confectioner 's sugar to sweeten it .
i immediately realized the battery is out of juice .
i did not see any improvement at all .
the sharpening angle is just right for axes .
i purchased this for my daughters new iphone 4s .
so keeping a bluetooth item charged would be challenging .
highly recommend the frother as it works very well .
i ordered the phone expecting it to be new .
and then there was the bug that stopped me .
heavy duty well made and made in america .
all you get is a pack of cards .
i would definitely have an extra on hand .
these things peel after some time and never last .
remote is ir not rf so not so sensitive .
4 filters supported by a cheap plastic strainer .
definitely worth buying both the mixer and grinder .
i do recommend it to sensation 4g customers .
this is a snap together clear plastic case .
i suppose i got what i payed for .
i contacted them and their service is even worse .
not sure if this will ever be used .
you pay $ 25 more than it is worth .
my friend has the same one and works better .
i 've had better luck with sony and panasonic .
my cats hate it with a purple passion .
so finally i can not use these protectors .
evenly and within a short period of time .
keep it well out of reach of children .
the way that these are made fit very snugly .
these are really nice and clean up fast .
pairing was super simple and audio quality is good .
it works well as far as the music quality .
she used it mainly in her room on carpet .
i do n't really want to eat metal shavings .
the timer clicks down but doesnt ring at zero .
i purchased this and used each every morning .
charge the pac using the included 110volt charger .
i do this with no funnel with full pots .
i was very disappointed and returned the shoes .
my 40-year old eyes have trouble reading it.2 .
works as described and no issues so far .
this processor has significantly made my life easier .
this too does not pass the sniff test .
it is smooth once you add the protector .
i love it.also , the sound quality is unparalleled .
look else where for a better shine product .
i could live with the materials being extremely cheap .
easy connection with the shake and go pairing .
too bad i do not have this phone anymore .
the microphone is unnoticeable behind the chin piece .
i have also given them countless times as gifts .
nevertheless i must give props to the graphics .
the wood is nicely finished with no tough spot .
buy some pop and mentos and forget this .
i purchased this skillet after reading many reviews .
i tried tightening to the max : still leaked .
the power pack 2000 is small and light .
it just did not handle well at all .
you have to get this info from the phone .
i dont know how this is an extra small .
oh where are the heating pads of yesteryear .
please do n't buy this you will regret it .
overall there is very good range to the sounds .
this product does have a fragrance to it .
i thought this would help me do that better .
it arrived quickly and was very protectively packaged .
this is my second one and i love it .
i bought it to grind up my espresso beans .
the flashlight is an unasked for pleasantly useful extra .
i got my steamer yesterday and it is awesome .
i 've had my mixer for nearly a year .
i liked this and was happy with my purchase .
this case fits the lg800g however just barely .
the stitching is coming undone after only two wears .
i bought 2 and i 'm glad i did .
it does not well on tiled or carpeted floor .
i would choose a different color though next time .
first let me say that i am extremely fussy .
you 'll see your frames slow down really bad .
take a look at this before you buy .
i have had the exact same problem others describe .
i returned this and purchased the 50mm f1.4 lens .
i bought this from walmart for family mobile .
much better than other touchscreen gloves as mentioned above .
they are flimsy in nature , and they peel .
this case fits perfectly on the iphone 4s .
i bought them with a lodge cast iron skillet .
he will chase the balls when they go flying .
this was my experience i hope it was helpful .
quality is incredible and he synced it in seconds .
returned for a pair of brown gradient lenses .
the only problem is the front silicon peices .
would recommend if you do any decorating at all .
it 's shiny and does not get absorbed quickly .
i am often having issues getting chargers to last .
they seem to be coming in all over .
the bowls are also very easy to clean .
plus it was like $ 8 so cant complain .
i bought one of these for my wife .
not when you buy it and try it yourself .
the colors are ok but the price was great .
i wonder if i got a bad batch .
i needs to be emptied every two days .
needed a bar to display some soccer scarfs .
grab these if your looking for an easy solution .
applied the patch and rubbed it down very hard .
i am currently fostering a 9 lb 4 oz .
i use this to supplement my primary moisturizer .
will give to someone who this may fit .
i do n't need atomic precision in my readings .
returned it and bought an msr alpine pot .
it is different than the normal day moisturizer .
unfortunatley my cat does not seem to mind .
but that just means they can use that amount .
oh and i love how compact the pan is .
hope you have more luck then i did .
it looks constructed beautifully and should last for years .
i wonder if they can be used for pies .
i am not impressed at all with these .
not much work to get a really good application.3 .
one black plastic strap seal was still in tact .
we have one on our washer and dryer .
i got this electric kettle for the office .
they baked evenly and the cakes came out well .
took a chance on this based on the reviews .
this is comfortable to wear and works very well .
it works fine but it smells like burnt plastic .
i still use the damaged pan for making pasta .
i would not have paid that money for it .
these bowls are almost perfect for my needs .
maybe three people if you are all children .
and it would not recalibrate turning the tiny screw .
the cell antenna seems to be working ok .
daily use for months now without a problem .
i would most likely use these for travel situations .
fast delivery , and the cradle is very convenient .
seems like it will last a long time .
i had to return it to the store .
good to play with cats and little kids .
the basic function is ok as others have said .
interesting and often beautiful environments are a plus here .
all come with a cloth to clean first .
these things are enough to ruin the game .
what i received was not what was advertised .
bluetooth linkup to a sony ericsson earpiece works fine .
it does a good job of avoiding background noise .
first , packaging was beat up for both bottles .
i got these batteries for my htc evo 4g .
it arived and does not work , at all .
i disagree with some viewers that it is bulky.3 .
this is my 2nd oxo good grips meat tenderizer .
i would order it again in a heart beat .
it is non stick so no torn skin .
but the ones we use at work are tested .
i double this to use to make grape juice .
i suppose you get what you pay for .
charges iphone and can also manage my music .
but i really disliked the style of this game .
i guess i 'm one of the unlucky ones .
somewhere between taiwan and florida it was ruined .
but on the whole extra trays are very handy .
still going strong after being used once a week .
this set contains a good variety of sizes .
it is worth the wait and extra work .
which they could not guaranty would be gold .
this egg cooker makes the best hard-boiled eggs .
i 've tried it on two tvs and nothing .
friends see these and think i 'm well organized .
with much effort , i finally removed the sticker .
one cracked open and the other had huge imperfections .
what a fun and easy way to make spaetzle .
i really feel cheated by purchasing this product .
oh yeah , it got here lightning quick too .
my friend likes to sip coffee/tea throughout the day .
just glad our home did n't go on fire .
music i actually loved , and graphics of course .
some last 3 months , some last 5 years .
these look nice and have wonderful silicone handles .
this one is great and meets my needs .
i like the second stubby handle on the side .
sadly that is not the case with cuisinart .
this was a short game and not interesting .
accidently broke the 12 cup carafe for my cuisinart .
it works fine and makes a very smooth shake .
cast iron is the only way to cook .
very nice stand it held all my mugs safely .
it arrived as promised and was a great price .
mistake - it must be manufactured by different company .
tmobile is really coming up back from ashes .
i wouldnt buy it again , its expensive too .
but it could really use some more carbonation .
will be investing in a real correction collar .
for beachwear i was expecting something much more breathable .
otterbox has lost a loyal customer over this .
i purchased this coffee maker in early may .
it is also expensive for what you get .
we could not be any happier with this device .
i bought this awhile back for my iphone 3g .
they are pretty tasteless and damn hard too .
i bought this because i 'm grasping at straws .
this is an inexpensive popcorn popper that works .
there are so many wrong things about this product .
it kind of kills the fun by level 4 .
we were pretty disappointed with this shampoo and conditioner .
perfect for those quick meals or small chopping projects .
it feels like you 're strapping on firefighter equipment .
they say it is handy as well as sturdy .
this little butter bell is a fantastic buy .
use the samsung cable and it came right back .
they work well with any size wide-mouth ball jar .
it does a decent job of protecting the phone .
i love a cutting board that carries some weight .
for smaller dice just keep activating the chopper .
details were still well rendered and sharpness was obvious .
however there are many things that this cover is .
i cant ever get my manicure to line up .
bought to replace similiar watch that lasted quite awhile .
i was also influenced by consumer reports ' evaluation .
i 've had no problems with the plantronics m50 .
remember not to fill more than 1/2 way up .
these were listed on amazon as 1gb cards .
will go right into the garbage where it belongs .
ca n't wait to mash baby food with it .
very sturdy and looks nice in my kitchen .
the design is still soft and very delicate .
they were edible , but not all that enjoyable .
i have wanted one of these for years .
this is a nice headset for the money .
this game would be very boring without it .
fun to use but probably wont buy again .
it does a great job on my sewing projects .
at first you 'll manage to have some fun .
it is good quality and purr-fect for the job .
he tasted it once and never touched it again .
this is a well designed , nicely conceived product .
freeze in them with the lid for future use .
i like them better than hooks for many items .
not sure which ingredient is responsible for that .
it was a nightmare & i am extremely patient .
the unit also includes a replaceable charcoal filter .
this was too greasy and heavy for my face .
i think some one took it from his .
you can never go wrong with corelle ware .
i had ordered two pairs , black and brown .
received mount and immediately attached it to the windshield .
i viewed shea terra organics as a trusted brand .
it is easy to clean and works fine .
it is easy to clean and dishwasher safe .
literally tasted like poisonous plant material and strongly too .
they really try to get things out fast .
i bought these on a special sale at amazon .
it feels totally wrong and looks even worse .
it is nice and heavy , very good quality .
the bottom if the norpro funnel is sharp .
you will attract attention with this headset on .
water tastes great and unit is easy to fill .
i like a hair dryer with a brush attachment .
source naturals is using gelatin in their softgels .
not a fresh look.my bottle came with a pump .
anyone with a microwave needs one of these .
i wanted to wear these as indoor sweats .
it was easy to just plug in and update .
got him a blue one it was really great .
i have a full sized anker that i love .
both of those have outstanding audio quality and comfort .
perfect for picking up small items for plating .
these stylus work just as they are supposed to .
these are of good quality for the price .
then i noticed the throw rug was saturated .
i can not recommend this product to anyone .
i can not roast a turkey without it .
it eliminates most of the background or wind noise .
the cord & plastic are tough and durable .
i wanted a second one to keep upstairs .
use if for leftovers all of the time .
my mother had one like this but smaller .
it is not easy to keep flat smooth .
it is functional and attractive at the same time .
more sturdy than a wok scoop or traditional calendar .
this is the second time i buy these filters .
the grills are removable for easy clean up .
amazon has phone charges at a great price .
so it help me to protect from strach .
i just have really dry skin i guess .
this is my second one and love it .
little to no noise distortion at high volume .
even when i modded my wii it was boring .
it 's clear plastic with rhinestones glued to it .
installed glass with tools from previous iphone phone order .
the unit was easy to setup and use .
i also upgraded to dunkin donuts coffee products .
the xbox processor can do much better than this .
i would say that 's a pretty big improvement .
the title of this review says it all .
instead it was a generic micro usb cord .
more like mushes everything together to become glob .
they are made of a thin glass-like material .
just pick a playlist on my iphone and go .
do n't let the picture and wording fool you .
especially the cheap grinders are certainly no bargain .
this toy is not great for tough chewers .
my biggest problem with this game are the levels .
we bought two of these about a year ago .
i think the waffle iron looks really nice .
i am happy with the quality of this strainer .
the readouts and printed labeling are way too small .
they do what they are suppose to do .
my voice is n't really all that high either .
and so i used the gift certificate from amazon .
clean by zirh is not a bad product .
i would not but from this seller again .
large jobs go to the kitchenaid stand mixer .
do not spend a penny on this toy .
he is a 7 month old lab puppy .
easy to take off to clean the phone.cons:1 .
those who have used both usually have a preference .
i read the reviews on this one before ordering .
if you need one , you could do worse .
this alone makes the press worth while.easy to clean .
even more painful is reviewing and deleting pictures .
i wish i could get my money back .
pricey bag considering lack of features and padding.pros:1 .
heats water quicker than anything else i 've tried .
it left a film and sticky residue behind .
the carafe is nearly impossible to pour from .
not what i have come to expect form otterbox .
i initially blamed shopco for the bad heater .
the case these come with is real nice .
on the one hand , my dog liked it .
plus the scenario mode is not particularly fun .
filters are generally expensive anyway for air purifiers .
this is a zester , not a cheese grater .
the back piece of plastic falls out often .
neither of my children found it very interesting .
these cables are well built and work well .
the shank goes all the way through the length .
its all up to the individual of course .
buying lunch every day was getting very expensive .
i even left this dye on for 20 minutes .
this phone is an excellent with the slider concept .
small pills of fuzz appeared after every few wipes .
i 've used it for chocolate and for cheese .
easy to put on and no bubbles at all .
first of all , this is tricky to use .
the bowl is easily cleaned and nothing sticks .
this is the best idea yet for cell phones .
i gave this as a gift to my sister .
would another dog like this food , maybe so .
i purchased this to wear for postpartum support .
this blender is a nice addition to my kitchen .
sometimes you get something nice for less money .
but these filters do a lot for the price .
you might wonder why i kept at it .
having sensitive skin i thought i would be safe .
this replaces an older one that had cracked .
probably the best jrpg this generation after demons souls .
the lamb stew and lasagna are heat and eat .
this was really time consuming and wasting my money .
you may want 2 or 3 of these .
i have large persian carpets on wood floors .
it includes a very nice looking black carrying case .
this was not thought out very well by sog .
it beats changing the battery on my phone .
it is a fantastic purchase for the price .
the seasoning is necessary to get the best flavor .
its a must have for all cooking/and gadgetlovers .
one review in a game magazine said it best .
i have purchased 2 of these nesco dehydrators before .
two other family members had the same issue .
i 'm happy with it and would recommend it .
i preordered this game a month in advance .
the igo chargers and tips are really great .
all in all this is a great buy .
this is a bold coffee , just as advertised .
not a good design choice by otterbox at all .
they all look alike - squares on a screen .
the graphics are attractive , if a little sparce .
it never worked right , and eventually committed seppuku .
like at least two of these , maybe three .
you have a realistic farm team to work with .
i 'm glad the other reviewers had better luck .
i use this pot more than any other .
the edges good enough and does not come off .
it could be used as an add on cage .
save yourself the aggrivation of returning an item .
arrived on time and i would recommend to everyone .
the water boils so fast and is great .
think ofit as a convenient hand-held food processor.however .
it does not perform as it states it does .
i received one box from the vine program .
i too just leave it in my oven .
i decided to apply it several more times .
of course it is n't going to be awesome .
especially at the 9000 ' elevation we live at .
i was under the impression it played mp3s .
this vacuum was great for the first week .
it heats up very quickly in comparison , too .
last but not least , the tray/pan was wobbly .
so far i 'm extremely pleased with the l'equip .
i would recommend this highly to those power hogs .
i was really disappointed with these when they arrived .
some have said that it leaks when transporting .
quantity of food makes a difference in your experience .
this is some serious razor-ology at work here .
i do n't mean to suggest these are fragile .
i 'm so happy to have more glass bowls .
good quality product my wife loves it thanks .
instead i received a used , visibly worn battery .
the provided instructions are accurate and easy to follow .
these pans have a nice weight to them .
pretty easy to ready the display , pretty accurate .
that 's all i have to say about it .
only had this problem with one other product before .
i would tethered to my desk without this .
these are a perfect fit for an evo 4g .
it is very flimsy , the metal is thin .
i hope she found this one for her phone .
you will not be disappointed in these skins .
some things ai n't what they used to be .
needs 4 '' clearance around it for heat dissapation .
i was very disappointed in eucerin calming body wash .
neither of my dogs played with it much .
it is light and easy to clean up .
they stuck their noses up and walked away .
the price is unbelievable and i am thrilled .
i chose this rating because the product never came .
you must decide how much you want to spend .
i then adjusted the trim until the rotation stopped .
mine came packed very well and in excellent shape .
not worth it ! i threw it away ! .
so i thought these might do the trick .
does not seem to bother it at all .
i can control the quality of my ground meats .
this would be my last choice in a holster .
it 's all very flimsy and easy to break .
this thing is junk -- save your $ $ .
i have never had to scour it with salt .
non of those dinky-looking mount on top of dashboard .
i do not have to pamper these treasures .
the last one kept going for 9 years .
it lookedcleaner too and got rid of the blackheads .
but it is a really good bread maker .
sold it at a yard sale for 5 dollars .
seems quite sturdy and like it will last .
this was destroyed in less then two days .
i thought i was getting a good radio .
this is the size of a deck of cards .
it just allows the child to hear their echo .
the pepogest has been a miracle worker for me .
i made banana bread in it and was impressed .
i bought this from petsmart for about eight dollars .
who ever designed them needs to be shot .
the price was right to give it a try .
the face tracking feature is very much useless .
it holds big books and single sheets of paper .
do yourself a favor buy this popcorn popper first .
this popcorn maker was given as a gift .
this is the one for me and perhaps you .
it keeps the bacon flat and cooks it faster .
and by less i of course mean never again .
i think it picks up wind noise easily .
difficult to put on , so they were returned .
i charge the case and it had full power .
i could go about 20 feet from the laptop .
i have them in the largest and smallest sizes .
seriously , this is the best phone accessory ever .
as a consumer , i feel totally ripped off .
this is a weak spot of the device .
too bad it just does n't sound very good .
with a bluetooth headset it solved our issues .
the attachments are easy to remove and store .
this is by far a better quality case .
imho , the rod is not long enough either .
it has a long battery life and clear sound .
this can only be done with an empty box .
i purchased this after our wedding in 2006 .
i bought four , primarily to make pot pies .
nice that it comes with a car power adapter .
you can de-activate this option if you so choose .
the top is a plus for storing liquid items .
this is a great food processor for small jobs .
she 's only had hers for about 6 months .
these batteries need longer charge times to cycle properly .
the storage for the building pieces is a joke .
keep it in my brief case just in case .
these are pretty amazing and super easy to clean .
i found these traps to be less than effective .
but it does not provide any volume at all .
after a week , we just threw it away .
survived a car accident that i almost didnt .
twists with no effort for landscape and portrait mode .
for 21 bucks , this is a great deal .
not a lot to say about a simple product .
it tasted burnt and had no tomato-y flavor .
the eureka was tossed out about 2 years ago .
there are almost no options in this game .
by spare parts i mean just that - spare .
i was ordering based on the picture and description .
i felt like holding my handgun to the shoulder .
i want one in every room i sleep in .
nicely done capresso ; i definitely recommend this grinder .
the lg headset is much more comfortable though .
pain to put on and worse to pull off .
not even sure why progesterone cream needs this ingredient .
hopefully this new batch will more staying power .
it has held up for and still sharpens knifes .
heard the first software update is coming in january .
i needed both hands to lift the pan .
my previous vacuum cleaner had gone for 17 years .
this thing fell apart within a few days .
it is also smooth where the handle is fastened .
this is as much knife as anybody needs .
yup , welcome to the world of digital technology .
when we described our problem and the approx .
i put just pure olive oil in mine .
the knife is the only good thing about it .
pepper belongs on eggs only and not on cashews .
typically the plastic top goes before anything else .
definetly worth more than i purchased it for .
it stains your skin and has an offensive odour .
alsgreat for keeping your holiday gravy from lumping .
i would definitely recommend this to my friends .
have had a few compliments on it as well .
have n't used for pasta yet but plan to .
the first two of an older designed burned out .
for my purpose this is the perfect item .
the 3rd one lasted less than a week .
they do n't have much of a chocolate taste .
perfect baking with this nordic ware half sheet pan .
that was the reason why i ordered them .
it is very uncomfortable and gives me a headache .
i do n't like these pot holders at all .
the non stick pan is a breeze to clean .
can use it on gas or electric ranges .
this is awesome feature which blew u off .
this is our third and absolutely the best .
i think there 's better bb creams out there .
this car mount did n't come with complete instructions .
but these knives are well worth their price .
both were in bad condition dents finish was poor .
some of the other chicken flavor ones taste better .
great for bacon and awesome for pan searing steaks .
i think there are better products on the market .
the gameplay controls are very confusing and difficult .
the slightly rolled handle is ample and comfortable .
not nearly as good as i had hoped for .
the call quality is really good as well .
and chess kombat , to name the main elements .
no more waiting for the coals to get hot .
skip the first teenage mutant ninja turtles game .
downside : not ideal for making small serving sizes .
obviously blizzard llc should not have sold this processor .
it took some pretty amazing photos during that time .
shipped in time and in a normal-good package .
i only use these for canning foods in jars .
that has been covered in many other reviews .
sure enough the thermostat in this heater exploded .
holds a whole fryer or 6 chops plus sauce .
returned the product because it was so small .
not in the least bit thin or fragile feeling .
got a different brand elsewhere that works fine .
these products are great and well worth the money .
the heavy lids also prevent splatter throughout the microwave .
product line is awesome , just not this flavor .
this product made no difference to my breathing unfortunately .
i bought the larger one for sugar and flour .
not what i need from a bra at all .
even then my boyfriend says it 's pretty sturdy .
there has got to a price paid for it .
i thought to come here and warn people .
the water did not consistently flow from the basket .
they all lasted about a year and a half .
i will be using this for many years .
in under an hour it is completely charged .
our rabbit does not like this stuff at all .
thankfully , i have my trusty speck candyshell case .
i returned them , mostly because of the sized .
if you your looking for full coverage look else-ware .
it 's been very useful and worth the price .
it is a great set and a great value .
worked two times and third time it died .
the clips are still holding after two weeks .
this mixer blows them out of the water .
these worked great and i had no complaints .
to the rubbish with frozen dinners i suspect .
ended up usingthe dowel for something else thought ! .
does anyone check for the expiration date anyway ? .
i wear it everyday and it 's absolutely awesome .
it 's going into the car trunk for good .
broke after minimum use after a couple of years .
into place with gentle nudges from a plastic spatula .
the products are working excellent and were very inexpensive .
the filters work well and were shipped quickly .
there are a total of 15 in all .
but it was discarded when i changed service .
i even received a new chair from my employer .
i am getting my mom a set , too .
more like warmed-over ps2 graphics with some neat touches .
after buying it i decided to purchase the c.e.t .
this pales in comparison to the eva-dry e-333 .
i would give this case 0 if possible .
it hurt my ears , it hurt my head .
i use these pyrex round storage containers constantly .
its hard to commit to using this thing anyway .
i used it and it was a total disaster .
for the money the tecsun pl660 is much better .
i would never buy any bh products again .
you will be spending a long time doing this .
case is well made and does not feel flimsy .
nice quality thermometer for a freezer or refridgerator .
got it in a good time frame area .
i was looking forward to trying this beverage mix .
i like to use this brush for deep scrubbing .
this plug splitter worked fine for about one year .
i can use it with all sorts of things .
but do not worry if it does not .
he recommended this brand aside from other brands too .
nicely weighted , but not overbearing on the wrist .
easy to clean if you follow the instructions .
just to exit takes more than a minute .
the scientist club boxes are serious lacking any fun .
i prefer it to the drip type coffee makers .
i expected more from madela and was disappointed .
but pointed directionally , it does blow pretty well .
this is my first time trying this companies products .
it 's still working and i use it currently .
good size pot for a roast or soups .
definitely does a great job to protect the phone .
some of the challenges will just aggravate you .
this is the best counter-top grill on the market .
the picture is more attractive than the actual product .
luckily i had an extra one to use .
it 's easy to use and easy to charge .
overall the quality does not meet my expectations .
not a reasonable test , but it did happen .
my bedroom alarm clock is louder than this thing .
recommend and buy as a gift for others .
and there is tons of workouts you can do .
there is a bit of a learning curve .
def would tell any droid owner to purchase .
i could see the silver beneath the enamel coating .
they all fit the incredibles as they are intended .
i thought kong extreme were supposed to be durable .
for the occasional snowstorm in your driveway maybe .
play it on one of the other systems .
i have a severe squirrel problem around my house .
i have really liked having this screen protector .
i really like this armband for my i-phone 4 .
the craftsman ship on this product is very good .
not very durableand i have a tiny dog .
no word editors to enjoy the wonderful keyboard .
has a lazy-susan spinny base that kind of odd .
but i only gave that soup three stars .
two kids on the box and one pen .
also eliminated is a certain element of convenience .
it is very unchallenging and a waist of money .
after one months the near focus did n't work .
the screen is kind of hard to see .
this one is type 1 and slow as molasses .
this was a perfume i had to wash off .
excellent product that steams veggies in very little time .
its now 2013 and i still have this item .
my phone is an htc radar windows based phone .
i bought the largest one ( xlarge ones ) .
perfect fir long road trips , or just commuting .
this phones speakers are incredibly loud with unbelievable quality .
went to google again and did a deeper search .
these screen protector works great and fits my needs .
almost smells plastic with a light floral scent .
but all the buttons work perfectly as they should .
she did the research and wrote the book .
either that or i got a defective one .
what a waste it was boring and lame .
the proof will be in a few weeks .
and the fact that its purple is great .
when i got this bra i was so happy .
yes it can leak all over the counter .
this knife made the job so much easier .
my inside kids continued to nibble at the pate .
now i use these 3 cookers for everything .
it works very well for all of the above .
this quality cookware will last me my entire life .
can use it for french toast etc as well .
so happy that amazon offered the exact same dispenser .
it is way too small even for one mouse .
should have used connectors more somehow and zippers less .
this one will definitely not be on that list .
that cookware was of very poor quality overall .
fels very good and stable in my hand .
this masher also stores nicely in our drawer .
this grille pan really deserves all 5 stars .
the depth in this game is mind boggling .
this thing handles them all like a pro .
entire hopper assembly was replaced for under $ 15 .
so i 'll probably be buying new ones soon .
elegant clean-up design separates this press from the field .
my favorite function is the plate warming temperature button .
when i found this at amazon i was thrilled .
i am very pleased with this measuring cup .
one got to about 210.5 and sat there .
the price is cheap but so is the product .
i 've seen better stuff on a commodore 64 .
i am happy with this little cheap case .
love using this for frying okra and fries .
i had zero problems installing and using these tubes .
nice to get more than you paid for ! .
good price point and excellent quality , i recommend .
without it , the fit may be too loose .
yes , our home is hard on floor cleaners .
i really am happy i purchased this unit .
it is better than nothing , but only slightly .
so here we have sweet grease with grit .
i would not order from this seller again .
in hot climates , this scent would attract insects .
however , these 3 are usable if not heavy-duty .
also does n't fit over a single stack hipoint .
it was purchased from bed bath & beyond .
they are easy to read and very durable ! .
my job has me on the phone all day .
but there were more bad pots than good .
california ) our butter stayed fresh and easily spreadable .
i like the smooth design and thick base .
it adds an edge to any dress or top .
the crust was perfect , the cheese melted perfectly .
very simple layout and easy to understand operation .
i am talking about the microsoft basestation mn-700 .
i perfer major league baseball high heat 2002 .
i found the b/t range to be excellent .
they tell me to upgrade the firmware to 5.03 .
i bought this camera for the trip to europe .
those little baggies were causing too much frustration .
the boxes are not big enough for sandwiches .
but something more cast iron-ish would be great .
he still did n't work after batteries were changed .
it last longer as bold doesnt have touch screen .
i love my offset spatula for spreading melted chocolate .
it cuts through meat as if it were butter .
it is difficult to push across the carpet .
even the important numbers are hard to decipher .
there 's minimal space to adjust the shoulder straps .
the panties are skimpy and the material is flimsy .
son has had this case well over a year .
i would give this a zero if i could .
so it actually makes a bad problem worse .
i was not very satifiedy with this product .
once it was cleaned it ran surprisingly well .
always fits well and protects the phone very well .
clean up was easy and helped season the pan .
they are very simply designed and easy to clean .
used this a couple times immediately after receiving .
i will update this if flaw is corrected .
these are really good addition to my cuisinart processor .
quality was rotton & would not last well outdoors .
it is still not a worthy investment though .
would like it to be easier to remove .
i will give it one star for being organic .
all my friends getting it as a gift .
no undue pressure was placed on the loop .
a decent capacity memory card is a must-have .
but you should definitely try the sulfur refining mask .
the larger circles are great for salads or leftovers .
surprised at poor quality of the product from almay .
i do n't remove the carafe from the holder .
white is a good color for this thang .
maybe not a flattering shape for smaller-busted women .
original hitachi magic wands are made in japan .
the chrome insert really looks like an aluminum finish .
replacement cable worked well so was n't my car .
i use britta pitchers all of the time .
we will definitely buy this again in the future .
this is the best grater i 've ever used .
these load times can take up to a minute .
its not modern and again it smells cheap .
nice small handle for storing in a crock .
this is a really cool thing for my harley .
this renders the mics useless to the kr games .
wish i had this when the kids were young .
im about to trade to get a new phone .
love the stay-cool handle and the glass lid too .
it is going to go to a food shelf .
i expect it to last a long time .
excellent for removing small pasta from boiling water6 .
does n't slide on or mount correctly in anyway .
it 's just a little item that actually works .
this is a very basic office first aid kit .
i tried three more times with the same results .
perfect size for scotch cakes and english muffins .
it 's a little selling point called e-reader compatibility .
i am now looking to purchase my own set .
this is made of unfinished pine and brittle plastic .
not worth the money or hassle to blow up .
wow , what a great deal this tracfone is .
this was a great christmas gift for my mother .
this is exactly what we were looking for .
just know it will not last you very long .
the cable is really cheap and breaks to easily .
it was overwhelming whichever room we kept it in .
cast iron does indeed live up to the hype .
storage and available counter space is at a premium .
i love this rugged yet comfortable phone case .
the filters are rated at 40 us gallons each .
i own two sets of these measuring spoons .
easy to clean and stores flat in the drawer .
i have two corgis and they heard it .
so i guess it 's just trial and error .
i would look elsewhere for a better price .
the realook is definitely flat at its edges .
this works well for cleaning shrimp , as advertised .
these stack great and are easy to clean/handle .
i own all three , all three are great .
when closed on last hooks metal against skin .
so far it has more than fulfilled my expectations .
it became impossible to locate a station by number .
the cast iron held its heat very well .
take care to not get water inside the phone .
i bought 2 of these to do double turning .
i have two major problems with this case.1 .
i felt as if i would not lose it .
there was barely a hint of coffee flavor .
i 've had this knife for 14 months now .
the classic controller shown here is nintendo 's mistake .
i bought it based on the great reviews .
just be careful not to burn your corn .
this pan arrived on schedule in fine condition .
fresh hot loaf in less than an hour ! .
it 's dry and looks flaky on the skin .
i felt i had purchased a 2nd class toy .
cuts thin slices very quickly and is well built .
not needed for activation , for music or video .
i was hesitant to buy this just for myself .
all i got was a blinking red light .
bought this to supplement my 4g power hungry droid .
i tested mine at 47 on the rockwell scale .
brewer 's yeast are high on selenium as well .
also the pedal just started oscillating a few times .
i like the volume control on the wire .
i will try something else from a different brand .
marble base makes it even easier highly recommend .
this is exactly what i was looking for .
overall i am blown away by this product .
i do n't really have a complaint for it .
frozen vegetables are better than microwaved by 300 % .
in the meantime i am really happy with them .
i am not one to normally complains about smells .
to install successfully you must follow all instructions closely .
but even my low expectations were not met .
this results in a wobbly game to play with .
you still ca n't beat the oster beehive blender .
the menu is easy to use but truly annoying .
i struggling to keep alive and make my objectives .
easy to read the writing on the cup .
my 2 year old is completely bored with it .
i 'm personally a pretty moderate cell phone user .
i bought this because of the kick stand .
i hate the instructions but the product works .
fibrox handle is no-slip and comfortable in hand .
hope these lashes were worth it , really do .
the bowl required pre-freezing in freezer before use .
its great.i will be trying the rotisserie today .
it is 23 3/4 x13 3/16 x14 1/8 .
oz , i took this until it was gone .
this timer/stop watch is excellent for several reasons .
my cakes cook well and they never stick .
and i have been cursing brita ever since .
this really brings up the decline in the x-series .
then , the seller shipped me a second one .
great sandwich knife to compliment your other globals .
it was sort of like talking to robots .
it is now in a box not being used .
we have been very satisfied with these chargers .
first the price 19.99 and second easy to clean .
i 'm split on how to rate this game .
overall i am very happy with the purchase ! .
i use these for more and more things .
not right away , but after a little while .
still did n't work very well but was okay .
they easily pick up small and large objects .
they did a relatively good job making it universal .
not sure about long-term durability or signal loss/interference .
he loves fire engines just not this one .
i get terrible peppermint burps from this product .
and of course it tasted delicious and juicy .
a great value charger for usb powered devices .
this is what i shred potatoes for hash browns .
i received one bottle that cost me ten bucks .
this is my third update in about three weeks .
and then everything started to stick to it .
seriously i could not imagine dancing in them .
i bought this for my son for airsoft play .
it 's a nice weight and the perfect size .
with elf you are taking a toss up .
city of heroes/villains is simply not worth it .
colors are very very beautiful despite the yellow .
i bought this thermometer for meat and for candy-making .
therefore , i have portables heaters in most rooms .
a shame really cause they are very pretty .
works well on it and my droid phone also .
i purchased this after reading so many excellent reviews .
yes , it is a good-looking piece of machinery .
this will even securely fit a samsung galaxy note .
i highly recommend this product for these reasons .
but with a little modification it will work fine .
i really enjoyed my oysters better with this knife .
they produced a very good sized muffin , however .
very cute ! especially if you like zebra print .
i had to sit and pick it off .
it did not improve signal strengh at all .
not sure why they even developed this product .
sound quality was excellent , surprisingly despite some reviews .
it cooks my chickens tasty eggs just right .
this is an excellent unit and works very well .
easy to bend and dump things into the pot .
empire toy is not to be trusted.larry marder .
there 's a discussion here about real german vs .
i used this twice and had to give up .
glad we did n't spend very much on it .
they barely stick on after spraying them with water4 .
my medium one is my go to for cookies .
on low , the sound is like a whisper .
meat is so tender slow cooked with lid on .
i could destroy them with very little effort .
just bag some up for later if to much .
the cases that have rubber over those two buttons .
new stone is being sent 2-day w/o charge .
great for diner style foods i would say .
petsafe is a trusted name in my household .
now my cards can be pulled out the side .
i cant be bothered to send it back now .
do yourself a favor and check them out .
yes , i highly recommend this product to others .
the graphics are good and scenery is very realistic .
decided to by additional chargers made by xtg .
this was a cheap solution to my problem .
the smaller size is appropriate for two people .
it is super light weighing about 1 ounce .
it fits a wrist more than anything which sucks .
the handle snapped in half without much pressure .
it exceeds the expectations i had for it .
stating the reason why i wanted to cancel order .
for the most part it works very well .
no cut marks or scraps on the sheets .
i wish i had bought the $ 13 one .
i figured i would give it a try .
it also did a great job on hardwood floors .
and sprays cold water just like a hose .
this is a great game in the arcades .
it holds the heat and cleans up easily .
not a bad cable for such a low price .
just to have the ability to change things up .
i hate hate hate most toasters on the market .
my beagle picks up anything on the street .
i prefer just mixing carbonated water with orange juice .
i will try one of the electronic machines next .
i could n't get the marks off with anything .
a must have for person in the kitchen .
handles are positioned ok , just keeps riding up .
easy to put and protects well my screen .
love the handle , not uncomfortable and whips perfectly .
i really liked this product for about a month .
and xd cards are useless outside of fuji/olympus cameras .
it cracks , then just scrape lightly and remove .
this is the stuppidiest game i 've ever played .
it made for a very easy clean up also .
could be used for running with the right headphones .
drank tea for a month and enjoyed it .
this thing charges my devices with blazing speeds .
this is a great charger for the price .
everything else about this coffee maker is perfect .
alien vs predator is a first person shooter .
i finally just pitched it in the trash .
well give one a try with a lid .
the retirement times of players is not realistic .
all i wanted was a bloody checkbook cover .
i 've owned this for a few years now .
very handy in corking unused wine for future use .
this knife came with a 3 yr warranty .
good knives are a must in any kitchen .
that 's a problem when buying things from ijobs .
i bought 3 and plan to gift two .
gloves do not keep out the wind-chill at all .
i think most reports finger the old droid .
it has a very oily taste to it .
it is excellent at collecting dust and small debris .
however , they have not held up at all .
these are exactly what they need to be .
this this is solid and really well built.2 .
they are not a good product for me .
they are expensive no matter where you get them .
i have no complaints and would buy it again .
never will i succumb to blinded critics again .
i keep reading about how wonderful they are .
no led to indicate calls/messages is seriously annoying .
it is sturdy and seems quite well made .
a must have for all your cake decorating needs .
everything washes up easily in the dishwasher too .
application was simple enough , and they fir perfect .
great set of pans for the toaster oven .
so overall i am thrilled with this purchase .
works as well as it did 2 years ago .
otherwise , they are good quality for the price .
i love green drinks so that was an issue .
it will not read any disk that is inserted .
the rest of the bowl has remained intact .
these test strips show that the hardness is zero .
so you notice a little change but never enough .
i brought it to sears , and exchanged it .
well that 's because the cookies are not big .
cheap as can be and not worth a dime .
it looks cheap and the design is weird .
the picture on the box is very deceiving .
the blades are much better on the cuisinart .
i find it an awesome machine for the money .
something seemed wrong when i took the first bite .
new window - windows can not format the drive .
squiggles suddenly started sounding like he is possessed .
consume coffee within 10-15 minutes for the best flavor .
the controls are right up front for easy access .
would make a great gift for anyone that cooks .
we were so happy the bubbles flew everywhere .
this is a great set ! love the nonstick .
which are also the best i 've ever seen .
but i do know crap when i hear it .
this machine easily pops perfect popcorn every time .
the overall finish of the unit is amazing .
my hair goes a bit down past my shoulders .
otterbox seems to be an over rated company .
but today 's sony equipment is price competing junk .
the fat will start to coat the finish .
i should say i used to like it .
a more evenly distributed cut would be more pleasing .
this item does what it is advertised to do .
the lids fit well and also have metal handles .
i will also be trying fruit/veggie hybrid rolls .
what a great price for such a great item .
they are small and so not easily seen .
get it now for your kitchen or living room .
this makes the resulting spray worse and a waste .
just wipe it down with a wet paper towel .
i love corelle , it is durable and functional .
then the nice black numbers started to disappear .
if you have four adult male bikes your good .
i have panasonic and have used panasonic headsets previously .
coffee is then ready to pour into your mug .
it is large , so works best for families .
should have skipped it and delivered more blades .
i use this at work and love it .
it retails $ 9.99 at target or similar stores .
it will leave lots of lint on your dash .
the tea staining on the basket is terrible .
i have a few sets of speedo earplugs .
this supplier helps by providing good prices and delivery .
i use this every day and just love it .
i ordered the eyebrow cake powder in dark brown/brown .
again , this was a problem with my plantronics .
he loves many other toys and really enjoys catnip .
this one is too see-through for my tastes .
usually like their products but not this one .
i am an espresso drinker and french press user .
i 'm constantly pulling them up in the back .
i only use it now to charge my ipad .
returned it within the hour of receiving it .
i would recommend it for a 3gs phone .
you ca n't go wrong with a cuisinart product .
we had our first one for 3 years .
there are just too many things to list .
it keeps crashing my six-month old computer running xp .
it is heavier than i thought it would be .
this item is adequately sturdy for its intended purpose .
i bought this based on the good reviews .
ordered this based on the many positive reviews .
the archs on the shots are off as well .
i like the tortuga original better than this cake .
then having to do it all over again .
the worse part about this game is the gameplay .
that is the spot that seems to frequently collapse .
and , the litter pieces are big and hard .
this soap really did nothing for me at all .
this is the second taylor thermometer i have owned .
anyway i wanted a replacement and ordered this item .
it 's a great product at a great price .
however , the negative reviews are much more accurate .
works great with almost any pot or pan .
i can see why cook 's love this knife .
so i would not advise buying this brand .
i recived this bread maker for mother 's day .
it has a surprise -- soy-derivative on the label .
from the previous review i thought it would work .
for me , came faster than the expected date .
but it is a -1 star rating for presta .
the cuisinart motor is very quiet , amazingly so .
was just what i thought it would be .
blend tomatoes and it would leave out the seeds .
you get much better quality and ease of preparation .
solid grinder.have one from about 20 years ago .
if it gets bumped it loses it 's connection .
the green part is sharpish hard plastic points .
i can throw it in the dishwasher for sterilizing .
returned this item , vendor kind to take back .
also , kitchenaid can handle a bit more volume .
i rented this game and thought it was crap .
something fun to cook pizza on , mozzerella sticks..ect .
i would not suggest this game for advanced toddlers .
i was hoping to make long and narrow baguettes .
i could not have asked for more.great purchase ! .
no problems at all , even with heavy cans .
this includes shooting the bluetooth signal through 2 walls .
this is one of my most-used cooking tools .
i followed the seasoning method on their website .
def the longest lasting board in my kitchen .
i was sent this screen shield for review .
rubber stretched out quickly and is not useable .
i was really excited to have a small mill .
my dog destroyed this in about 10 minutes .
the only thing i wish there were cleaning instructions .
i love lodge cast iron products and own several .
do yourself a fave and buy a gta game .
i bought this for my daughter and myself .
she has loved her webkinz and club penguin .
i used this all of the holiday season .
does a good job of humidfing small space .
then add your food to that hot oil .
i went back to my old stiff kabuki brush .
i would n't recommend it if for colored hair .
certainly perfect for the person who lives alone .
final fantasy 12 has the worst combat system ever .
my previous battery was not charging that well .
this does not have much ability to do anything .
i tossed them and got a heavier glove .
gone are the days of hand cutting french fries .
i will use it but wont buy again .
very useful for aerating and filtering red wines .
after that point , i have to air dry .
it has a lot of measurements on it .
the drections are pretty easy to read and follow .
more often then not , the microphone stops working .
it is well made and the press fits tight .
i was n't pleased at all with these leggings .
he pays attention for maybe two minutes tops .
i tried cleaning it with absolutely no improvement .
i have a total of eight rescued animals .
not much more you can say about stickers .
but , in addition the phone is entirely protected .
it was definitely worth upgrading from the earlier model .
that stand is locked in there quite well .
i highly recommend trying out avodart if you can .
both these cases make the device very slippery .
the steamfrying feature is nice too for porkchops .
i found the nt70t charge time to be adequate .
i had to send this pair back , unfortunately .
do n't let the rather low price mislead you .
i have tried and have yet to find it .
it is not appropriate for a one year old .
the global actually changes the way you cut .
even a handful of members agreed on acne.org .
everything else connected to the 880 worked fine .
this is the one i use all the time .
very cheap and they work for their inteded purpose .
this one is n't even nice enough to display .
i eventually gave up and uninstalled the game .
nice standard micro usb connector for charging and updating .
many manufacturers stopped using butter ( i think mrs .
although it should be used regularly it is not .
they were kind enouh to accept a return too .
they sound ok but are built very cheaply .
i always seem to have difficulty completing timed puzzles .
i love this cotton ball and swab holder .
another topping i enjoy is packaged spaghetti sauce mix .
this was fine until i received the pvp .
i 've had these for a few years already .
there are two big problems with this vest:1 .
the size and design were just what i needed .
it is well made and fits all idevices properly .
no little glass jars and lids to mess with .
i have purchased several varieties of cesar canine cuisine .
this game ruins hands , and sleepy little brothers .
the rounded handle feels just perfect in your hand .
this is about right for 2 people.i recommend it .
i will follow up after i contact the manufacturer .
for the price , i definately got ripped off .
i also think the glass is better for cleanliness .
i still love the cuisinart dcc-1200 coffee maker .
there is nothing on the package to clarify this .
happy with my purchase and would buy again .
why i even try other products is beyond me .
kellogg does not use gmos in these countries .
they seem to be a good quality product .
good butter dish , glass is thick and sturdy .
overall a great speaker and i would purchase again .
seems like the technology is just not there yet .
i opened it up and it had zero instructions .
that 's just disgusting and perverse and if mr .
gave it a 1 star for that reason .
this phase only takes a few minutes to beat .
but after several attempts , i was finally successful .
i just keep it all in the canner .
it also steams enough corn-on-the-cob for the whole family .
highly recommended.i hope this was helpful to you .
it 's very comfortable to hold and extremely sturdy .
this is very well made , heavy and sturdy .
got this for my mom and she loves it .
however , i knew that when i purchased it .
i regret buying this and wasting my money .
i would n't recommend get a kong toy instead .
nobody in my family can tell the difference .
soon as i plugged it up it burned out .
the pie plate is heavy and very sturdy .
always a fan of making the phone last longer .
looks like it would last a long time .
is that even good for people to take ? .
after going on my treadmill for 30 mins .
it is small enough to put in her purse .
it was well packaged without any shipping damage .
might cause some problems with geforce 256 cards .
smell is gone , but only after other methods .
i have these bowls and they are wonderful .
from now on , i stick to the original .
you 'll have to purchase all new support components .
i 've never had one of such high quality .
i guess you get what you pay for .
now i am truly wireless in all possible ways .
tis is a tiny bottle that is overly expensive .
but also watch out for corrosion and oxidization .
also this game makes fun of grand theft auto .
heats up quickly and comes to a rolling boil .
i just ordered another one for my mother .
the levels are highly repetitive and get boring quickly .
mp3 sounds clear crisp and good tonal range .
i guess it looks cool.the sound quality is excellent .
i like the way it feels in you hand .
i hope this coffee grinder lasts 10 years .
the game expects you to have everything just perfect .
these are perfect for making single serve loaves .
i did not like this product at all .
the blue and clear tubing are much better .
the water filter makes it taste so much smoother .
simple design and tool to do a simple job .
the matte cover makes it perfectly smooth and flawless .
thank you to the prior reviewers of this case .
i returned them to amazon with no hassle .
missing a rubber grip on one of the cups .
easy to use controls and lightweight for its size .
it picks up anything and everything in its path .
plus i figured this thing will last forever .
always good to have a spare battery handy .
should have returned in during the warranty period .
but this is where the generic is just shameful .
i know that i 'm in the minority here .
much smaller than i thought they would be .
i decided against the stainless because of messy fingerprints .
faded color , goo inside is close to hard .
someone gave this as a gift to my dog .
600 series packs alot of power into the unit .
farberware classic could not be more aptly named .
makes a world of difference in the coffee maker .
not so with a heavy cast iron pan .
i tried several cords with it and no go .
plus it durable so that is an added plus .
snoozer full body pillow hypoallergenic synthetic fiber filler .
it goes up 1 % every 2 minute estimate .
i thought this would be a bit larger .
not sharp edged enough , crooked when pinch/close together .
i love everything about my miracle balde knives .
we should be able to give 'negative ' stars .
i read all the good reviews and bought .
now i want the rest of the set .
thermostat or on-low-high options give it flexible operating .
the cups are easy to hold and use .
no missing lids or cracked or chipped pieces .
i will have to find out about replacements .
will be looking for a new pooper scooper .
instead i received two shampoos and no conditioner .
let it cool and put in your feeder .
thinking about getting a smaller one too : ) .
my lab grandpup destroyed it in 15 minutes .
i initially decided to buy the 3.0 liter model .
product feels good and has a nice grip .
i found the skillet to be pretty well-seasoned .
it is light weight and strong.which i like .
it is a healthy and easy way to cook .
they do not work in an air popper either .
a few friends and i went in on it .
used it twice already and it functions wonderfully .
thermo coffee pot does not really keep coffee hot/warm .
it works very well with the chrome dish rack .
this can be done through the jawbone website .
it does work well when it stays connected .
not the way video games should be made .
just love it and may order a second .
they also include two ultra crystal screen protectors .
my two-year-old dell computer exceeds the minimum system requirements .
it seems to last forever on a charge .
i bought a burn and it looks badass .
super comfortable and does not scratch non stick surfaces .
i broke my trusty 24 year old kettle .
love the way it makes the phone look .
this is a trapizodial box with a zipper top .
i received these for christmas from my daughter .
im just glad it was like 2 bucks .
i used this to make chocolate covered strawberries .
all i can say is save your money .
and it is definitely not worth the price ! .
i bought the panasonic headphones mainly to skype .
then some other sites say the processor is ok .
but the fun of building toys is building .
it did not meet my expectations in the least .
i have narrow feet and they are good .
for this price it is worth it to me .
i am using it with my treo 700p .
i bought extra o rings for my oster blender .
these will be used for years to come .
this one has non-removable grids , which work fine .
also , i purchased this thinking it was safe .
go to the store and buy it for yourself .
cook and additional 5 to 10 seconds if necessary.4 .
it was a little to big as well .
definitely do your research and stay away from these .
in less than a year these brackets have rusted .
my favorite oatmeal has always been with cinnamon .
i no longer know where my iron is .
apple has done a great job with these bumpers .
it took forever for the carpet to dry .
the rest of the pant fits great , everywhere .
my hands do not get hot in these gloves .
the camera port seems to be the same .
a small demerit , but still a 5-star product .
we were so happy that amazon carried this .
i got this after getting the large griddle .
love that it is longer than the normal cable .
it is built alright and works as intended .
this is more like a cheap chinese knock off .
this has n't even survived well for one use .
the wallet is leather outside and plastic inside .
i definitely like the duracraft warm mist humidifier .
then i saw this pair on-line here at amazon .
instead it goes from madhouse to crayola crayon .
please read my one star rating as zero .
making crunchy chips out of this seems like genius .
i give up trying and will not take again .
these probes get dirty sometimes and need replacing .
it is a very very very tiny package though .
it works especially well for lettuce and carrots .
i would definitely recommend giving them a try .
there is nothing about this game that i like .
the nordic micro steamer is a fish lovers dream .
the clipper constantly cuts out even from 2ft away .
someday i might need to have my information portable .
i use only silicone and the occasional wooden utensils .
so just use that instead plus my reiko case .
i was excited to get this seal conditioner .
good bandages that were exactly what i expected .
and it would be if the taste were better .
hello its me again the expert game player .
does a great job treating my nasty well water .
i have to agree with the reviewer mystery maven .
this is my second commuter case for my 4s .
great product , easy to install and very durable .
it would not do well with heavy carpet .
i will purchase more when i run out ! .
it cooks even , and cleanup is a breeze .
but the game it self totally had no substance .
they are a bit smaller then i would like .
i used this pasta roller to make perogy dough .
i throughly did not like this game at all .
it does a wonderful job for protecting the phones .
the company web site has no support or patches .
seems to be a really nice quality screen protector .
but avoid this rush job at all costs ! .
this threads into the lens with cheap plastic .
it will simply repeat that mixed up signal .
they have a very distinctive handle in any finish .
i take one point out due to this .
in my opinion it was a waste of money .
the shrimp are now way smaller and less tasty .
the lids fit snugly and are a nice bonus .
i ordered them in black for my kitchen .
i am very glad i bought this grill .
it can go from stovetop to oven with ease .
i really like it and it fits perfectly .
up to then i thought the game was cool .
youtube videos on how to do it are useful .
almond breeze unsweetened vanilla is our multi-purpose milk replacement .
no odor or splatter to deal with either .
so this is still my favorite measuring cup .
a fun way to make tasty , perfect cookies .
it charges my motorola droid without any problems .
i saw this one at my sister 's house .
otherwise the case is great for the price .
i have the palm iiixe , which works ok .
its very pretty and compliments my phone really well .
before i hook it up to the wall plug .
not ! they have lost their cushioning all ready .
these knives have a strong construction and comfortable handle .
my ears always hurt once i take these off .
it will not work well without the salt .
much better than the cheaper pair we purchased previously .
i checked and adjusted and re-read the instructions repeatedly .
other then that not so bad for the price .
it tangled and matted my hair very badly .
wish they offered other colors than blue and red .
bag did not look this cheap on the website .
they have an amber or orange lense as shown .
screen protector went on fine with no bubbles .
the pan works well for capturing anything you slice .
can 't wait to try something else next month .
good quality even though the housing is plastic .
it can only hold maybe 2 ounces of water .
so this goes into the wasted purchase pile .
a friend of mine let me try this .
it is better than the one i had .
the size is perfect for one cup of tea .
900 allows for roaming in new zealand and australia .
larger then competitors but very light.the not so good:1 .
gold , orange & blue chrome would be great .
the second two were cheapies bought here on amazon .
it is still bleeding black on a tissue .
the weight is good too considering it holds 12000mah .
that is after she felt the bed part .
this product works fine for cooking raw tortillas .
give it a few stirs with my spatula .
i bought this with a figure 8 in mind .
very happy with the size and strength of these .
can also add ground flax as part of flour .
this rack went back to amazon and good riddance .
the bag is still clipped shut in the cupboard .
which frustrates kids who are trying to draw.4 .
no biscuit was crooked or mashed or torn .
the product seems very thick , dry and cakey .
i find dog toys are hit and miss .
voice changer has a delay and sounds like garbage .
i could n't make it through the first night .
the game went backwards for improvment except graphics .
you could alternatively just use your own anchors though .
i dropped it once and i regreted it .
they have a slightly slimmer profile then this one .
got it for free as part of some promotion .
great gift or the aspiring baker in your life .
i have owned this machine for 2 years .
pieces eventually broke but they lasted over a decade .
this is a very handy well designed little product .
my dinners have been saved with this pan .
along with the little dark walnut coaster holder .
this was recommend as a top eyelash wand .
it loses suction and the liquid comes out .
it was all castles and medieval crap like that .
i changed the rating from 5 stars to 2 .
ordered this to cover and protect my new sgs4 .
neither one has faded or degraded in any way .
besides that it has been a great case .
the feel of the case is also very nice .
so far have no bad reviews with this brand .
it has done all of these things beautifully .
it looks cute but it is not durable .
it was not dropped or abused in any way .
highly recommended for the serious home chef/party host .
there could be a few more in the set .
i told them i 'd send it back in .
the pieces were ill-fitting to say the least .
it will be great to take camping too .
this item fit my kitchen aid stand artisan mixker .
i have been having good luck with hoya hmc .
i love my bathroom toasty warm when showering .
it is very sturdy and the blades are sharp .
the mold that made them must have been defective .
i will use this product just for the cutter .
this is a nicely american made plate cover .
this is a sturdy and very effective grater .
i will not be buying this again , ever .
i wish i would have not purchased this .
blocks of cheese also keep better/longer than shredded cheese .
these rings are much smoother the plastic hooks .
its biggest strength is that the game is pretty .
do not let the positive reviews fool you .
slim design makes it easy to store too .
you can not beat this product for this price .
it has a sharp blade that opens everything smoothly .
he gets complimants on it all the time .
cans of cat food , not the 3 oz .
it can not stand up to being used .
maybe they just need to google the instructions .
now and new it was time to replace them .
but it looks very beautiful on a kitchen counter .
and that reverse motion gets more juice out .
it was only effect with super fine scratches .
i ordered this item to mix drinks in .
you will feel like a pro in no time .
another gripe in this game is the audio .
it is like most silicon skins out there .
everyone was raving how well their battery was performing .
the motorola t505 works great with my treo 800w .
the product is disappointing to say the least .
or it 's my problem to put it on .
it 's like the moisture has been sucked out .
opening with one hand was impossible for me .
they always have the best to choose from .
no on/off switch.my daughter does not like it .
this knife is nothing but a piece of garbage .
the package was ripped open in places when received .
i bought this for my daughter as a gift .
was much to hard to get it to work .
there are multiple tabs , with multiple options each .
at the end it is all dishwasher safe .
still a pretty good deal for the price .
just had to give it the personal touch .
button placement not as intuitive as on the d100 .
it was an upgrade to our old handheld mixer .
the game that does exsist however is good .
or maybe just a plain old berry yogurt smoothie .
perfect fit for samsung galaxy s 4g t959v .
i usually find them high quality and smartly packaged .
i would definitely recommend this jar as a result .
this is a great addition to my kitchen .
tiny garbage can is best in small bathroom .
the keyboard and screen are also very user-friendly .
i can now survive on camp-outs or apocalypses .
please be aware this is not a j.a .
they are even better than i had hoped for .
i 've owned it for about 2 months now .
in the summer , cold water stays cold all-day-long .
and it tasted much more like sardine than salmon .
now the whole inside is just plain stainless steel .
best filter i 've ever owned for my tank .
yogi is superbo and wonderfully fragrant for american pallets .
there 's a little button to stop the spinning .
my wife and i are both avid cooks .
the tops of these spoons are not finished properly .
liked it so much bought another as a gift .
that 's all i have to say about that .
a must have for anyone who likes to cook .
right on the box it says product of mexico .
yes , seido will ship a replacement for free .
if you have thick hair not recommended for you .
i bought the red one and am so impressed .
this was not what i expected at all .
its virtually impossible to do with this scale .
consequently , will never buy another hue product again .
it is really beautiful on my counter top .
of flour but i can live with that .
but the knife sharpener works very well too .
label requirement laws for juice must not apply here .
hopefully , the plastic coating will hold up better .
excellent grip ! surprisingly strong for being so small .
i cook brown rice most of the time .
the quality and pack ability seemed very good .
it was not irritating or heavy or anything .
we changed our kitchen counter top to harder material .
i sweat a lot and hate using headphones .
sadly , the phone crapped out a week later .
this is the best maker you can buy .
i guess you get what you pay for .
my cats could care less about this toy .
it smells like a house at christmas time .
i really hate that i ordered this product .
the glue traps and snap traps were effective .
all of the ones i ordered are pretty robust .
i highly recommend this line of storage containers .
what can i say ? the story seemed fine .
i love how this is small and light .
she came out perfectly free of any marker markings .
i have no complaints with either of them .
i notified amazon and they promptly sent a replacement .
my big toe punctured these within 5 minutes .
several have reported that the sprocket gear was plastic .
a little brighter in color than my computer shows .
it cooks evenly and clean up is a snap .
filter does a good job for a small space .
i only clean it in the sink though .
you will hardly know the yellow band is there .
i will be replacing it with the same one .
very likely that panel would snap with first attachment .
pretty much the end of the cup right there .
they work about as well as a plain sponge .
i find myself using this pan more and more .
this is not a nightshirt for sleeping in .
zero stars for good investment in a toy .
much better than bottled tap water in polluting plastics .
these bags work perfectly for my old hoover vacuum .
protected my phone from a few drops already .
they are very great to use on the ipad .
even did it a fifth time for good measure .
this does not live up to the hype .
i ca n't beleive this game was so poor .
it feels really heavy on my fingers , too .
i returned it even though it looked cute .
instead i got a funky strong chemical smell .
they came with no problems with shipping or anything .
i 'm in the process of building it up .
the magnet is strong enough to hold my cleaver .
a good product and seemingly of very good construction .
this is much better than the default htc battery .
not even a fraction of the amount suggested ! .
this little think is perfect for what i needed .
solidly designed press and very pretty to boot .
there is no more objectives in this game .
then i will look at a different brand .
this set is way smaller than what i expected .
this phone is a solidly performing android 2.1 phone .
the set itself is very small , surprisingly so .
i would not reccamend this game to anybody .
i would suggest the nike shj045 headband headphones .
would have liked a steeper incline between shelves .
we use it with the cord always now .
its great to have it contained in a thermos .
the amount of glare it picks up is ridiculous .
i would have given it 5 stars but .
you re-insert it all back in the machine .
it is well made and easy to install .
i live in nyc and i do n't drive .
is there a good one out there somewhere ? .
it has a tendency to bulge up a bit .
fiestaware is as practical as it is beautiful .
it seemed like a nice assortment of colors .
10 miles ? i bought the 6510 at costco .
they definitely will not hold an actual book ! .
i even bought an extra for another friend .
but i just toss on another from my stock .
i do not think it is worth purchasing .
all i noticed was the stainless steel description .
i used it every day and night regularly .
they suggested the issue was on my end .
perfect cases for our blackberry curve 8330 verizon phones .
my advice , invest some time searching other brands .
wait for other options to come onto the market .
these fit on your rack at the slots .
it does n't work properly with my admiral washer .
not purchasing these type of ear sets any more .
very loose in the barrel of my 5.56 .
at least then you 'll know who to blame .
it failed me miserably on the first use .
but it is what i was looking for .
all it does is click and spit out butane .
i would not trust anything bigger than iphone 4s.2 .
best set i have every owned or used .
perfect for one serving of fries or crispy chicken .
very easy to mount and comes with everything .
most of the cases had very mixed reviews .
i use this almost everyday and love it ! .
not near as good as other similar products .
it died a terrible death in about 20 minutes .
it is stiff and does not turn at all .
ca n't go wrong with pyrex- real tempered glass .
if you didnt have any problems it would work .
have used this effective and inexpensive product for years .
i 've never seen my skin do this before .
my husband use this item more than i do .
easy to work and has a good grip .
turned out to be counterfeit battery not real one .
tips have slight curve cut easily into ingredients .
i think this attachment pack is an excellent value .
it looks like it will last a lifetime .
i have been using these in my fridg .
the ka 600 has changed my baking life .
i do not recommend anyone buy this one .
purchased as a replacement for a whirlpool no .
this pitcher is great for mixing frozen juice .
as coarse or fine as you want it .
what can i say ? this game is boring .
he put me on clomid w/ no reason why .
the size is big enough and not too large .
sometimes it worked sometimes it go barely any hair .
this arrived on time and in perfect condition .
in short , i did not care for it .
this is a absolute necessity for smart phone owners .
but i did n't like the taste of these .
works good enough for me to keep it .
these clamps are tiny -- not oversize at all .
i like the item and should perform as designed .
the pump stopped working when the product ran low .
we purchased another pair in a different color .
i 'd be crazy to own another stir crazy .
need something larger and this fits my needs perfectly .
they just do n't work with her long hair .
i am so exicited to review this item .
the serving size is 12 chips at 140 calories .
i have decided no more clothes from amazon .
i reread the instructions and found the problem .
we would recommend it as a great gift .
for the price of this i expected better .
much more could have been done with the ship .
i was not highly impressed with these sardines .
you can put them in the oven or frig .
they are just as pretty as i expected .
definitely recommend to others for iphone 4 or 4s .
i was better off using aveda damage control products .
this is the worst costume i have ever purchased .
they can bend and become mis-shapen quite easily .
they are as great as they are advertised .
our old kettle was enamel covered and not stainless .
i tried this because of its zero calorie claim .
over all i am very happy with this purchase .
i would have to tighten it up constantly .
these are perfect for lunches and for home use .
later i bought a plastic version of this toy .
my cats tore through them in 1 day .
i would buy it again without any hesitation whatsoever .
it has a hefty motor and pretty appearance .
still cant understand why its taking this long .
none without a action replay device or something .
you can even pop it in the dishwasher .
it arrived in perfect shape , looking brand new .
i bought this and the 1 cup bialetti .
i also own a kitchenaid blender that is splendid .
you will be doing the world a favor .
i just want to wrap cables and this stinks .
hopefully just a glitch that is fixed now .
there was no slouchy-ness to this in any way .
i did n't try any of the online racing .
i bought this monitor being mislead by high rating .
the design of this juicer is pure excellence .
the coffee does drip very slowly through , though .
i love the larger size of the grill .
ours just zoomed to the ceiling and stayed there .
these are high quality and easy to manage .
but it has to be better than single player .
but alas i am stuck with tap to select .
but it is good at wearing out your thumb .
easy to clean and i love the shorter handles .
this screen protector has worked very well for me .
will probably end up getting a cable lock .
i want to get away from using plastic .
i tried several positions on both helmet and glasses .
i had to zest a ton of lemons .
we bought a medium for 9 year old .
my carpet looks like it was just installed .
suddenly it deflates quickly.while it worked it was excellent .
but the crema is better , the frothing easier .
that 's why i paid for a second one .
i use it to wash veggies and fruit etc .
the label also says the product is biodegradable .
i clean my ferrets litter pan every day .
it 's not a big deal.the quality is excellent .
this one replaced the one he wore out .
this item is much better for my husbands phone .
cheaper at wal-mart with tax.-the unit has limitations .
they really make your phone into a mirror .
i used it with only a quick wipe out .
my hands dont feel like they 've been moisturized .
this stuff will leave you with an orange glow .
best bang for a buck you can buy .
use it to portion dough and smooth frosting .
i noticed that others have had the same problem .
then i realized it needs a 2 amp charger .
plastic just seems to degrade over time and get .
i would now have to rate this junk .
this set is perfect for microwave and oven .
bought these as additions to our existing set .
my purple skin matches the color indicated on website .
i have suffered from terrible pollen allergies for years .
the second unit arrived with the exact same problem .
i knew the test post would let me know .
not at 4 times the cost of this lens .
the cooking times were spot on to my recipes .
i made some sizable pie pops with these .
we wiped them with wet paper towels to be .
god is watching all of you money rapists .
but the cars are difficult to control around corners .
great product and more affordable than the mophie .
obviously there was something wrong with the optics .
well this is a farcry form any good game .
it 's not cheap and flimsy like some are .
one is that the velcro will not stay latched .
now people can see what they are reaching for .
i could not get ride of the air bubble .
my wife likes it and she has no complaints .
the arm of the mount is fairly long .
something is severely wrong with the voice mechanism .
but i guess you pay for what you use .
the plastic grows a slimy film of bacteria .
took a long time to get it though .
measurement readings clearly marked in both teaspoon & ml .
works well and is space efficient in most respects .
they did not explain how to lock the door .
and i must say that i love this decanter .
he has always had terrible knee joint problems .
it actually has a good size and shape .
i have not had any issues with it spilling .
i bought this one for a good price .
the graphics of games on both the 360 vs .
the whole project took less than two hours .
i ca n't believe how unfun this game is .
i 've been a big fan of vargo products .
this one is easy to read and works well .
i wish i had n't ordered a two pack .
these earphone hurt the inside of my ear .
i still have mine in place after 30 days .
it definitely does the job of protecting the phone .
i will be returning this back to amazon .
i am a regular user of philosophy products .
the interior is a single mass of dry filling .
maybe i do n't get the point with this .
i am actually a huge fan of canon optics .
worst flour i have ever tried to bake with .
i was thrilled to find the 9 '' ones .
i just received these bowls as a birthday gift .
it does not work with milk because too sweet .
i seldom if ever , see old maids anymore .
i did not have any problems putting it on .
my pit mix chewed this up in a week .
once i figured it out , it was great .
first recommendation is to put it on correctly .
so many wonderful recipes included and available online .
much heavier duty than the cheap ones we replaced .
this is a casual game.which is not bad .
those who have used both usually have a preference .
only then will it be a decent game .
it holds atomized gas and makes a bright light .
i purchased this along with the powerpak twelve .
yes , actually the customer service was quite good .
she got the lamb yesterday for her birthday .
the balls are very easy to lose as well .
it wears quickly and has a poor design .
the color bisque really is a beautiful shade .
pyrex is used to put in oven to bake .
went back again to get the credit problem corrected .
then i bought the same from some place else .
he 'll be using this on a regular basis .
i use this wire cooling rack for several things .
this rack is perfect for what we needed .
i have used it every day since getting it .
it is light in weight and easy to clean .
they are very sturdy and clean up very well .
do n't know how we ever lived without this .
likely a little more expensive and without bluetooth capabilities .
he grinds about enough for 3 american cups .
i bought the artic red frost for nexus 4 .
i would not recommend this toy to anyone .
looks cool and the rubber protects the iphone nicely .
i attempted to correct , can not be corrected .
the ones here all work as data transfer too .
the picture is edited with wayyyyyy too much contrast .
i wish the other bluetooth headsets did that .
sadly i saw no difference in my hair .
i do follow a healthy diet and exercise routine .
i loved these when i first got them .
it is very simple to use and also inexpensive .
the bags are super difficult to put in .
also a glass lid would solidify my wishes .
too bad these medications are all becoming useless .
just does n't work at all in my application .
basically , this product is a ripoff on consumers .
a one cup machine is perfect for me .
these glasses look good , but not in person .
i used this with a samsung galaxy s ii .
we use coconut oil and not popping oil .
i think i should have ordered a size 6 .
this is a pretty nice stainless percolator coffee pot .
i would be upset if i paid 10 dollars .
i have many oxo tools on my baking/cooking apron .
there are far better options for a similar price .
perhaps it only works well with round receiver mosins .
as such , ronco has discontinued the heat shields .
i shortly donated it to a thrift store .
however other sellers besides amazon get things wrong also .
overall just not a good brand for animals .
buy a good pair to last for a while .
i just with i could return this toy .
the suction mount works perfectly and feels secure .
the size is just right for a meal .
we usually use a tablespoon of grounds per cup .
but not for books and things of that sort .
great condition and very well made ! thank you .
ok , water resistance is great for beach trips .
an instant aerosol sprayer with just a few pumps .
again , we may have a cheap knock off .
it was bulky and our dog absolutely hated it .
which by the way becomes costly if purchased individually .
ridiculously easy to clean up ( genuinely dishwasher safe .
i bought this to replace my home water delivery .
the handle can snap apart in it middle .
does not serve the purpose i bought them for .
makes it a little scary to use the product .
its heavy cast aluminum provides unfailing baking performance .
we use the top as a measuring cup .
i wondered why i did not hear back .
these are ride on toys only-not learning toys .
it is the perfect color and material feels nice .
bought this for my daughter and she loves them .
you can not control the flame on this thing .
changed to a heaver-weight cable that worked fine .
i have had this sharpener for several years .
it literally shaved zero of my facial hairs .
even made banana bread with the bottom part .
it just didnt taste like the ones ive had .
service was great and the process was quick .
they look like used one and made of plastic .
i felt like i wasted money buying this .
the cast iron fully heats in 30 minutes.clean-up .
i always trust otterbox with my cell phone protection .
i purchased this scooper because it was metal .
but still is one of my favorite cases ! .
gave these as stocking stuffers this year for christmas .
separate product for undercoat and another for top coat .
it arrived perfectly intact because packaging was excellent .
i just wish there were a few small changes .
a full dinner plate can fit in this unit .
it just did not work for me at all .
seared in the skillet , finished in the oven .
it is the biggest one i got now .
it works fine otherwise and is an easy clean .
i rented this game , and never beat it .
some people may have received a better copy .
for that reason i give this item 4 stars .
the two batteries are good for back up only .
bought 2 unit for me and my gf .
i even washed one out to reuse for practice .
this tupperware has been easy to use and clean .
i also have gold bond ultimate in tube .
it came in one of their inexpensive three-knife sets .
do n't buy them because of the low price .
the koss headphones are going up on ebay .
one broke the jaw opening a roses grenadine bottle .
the last one worked for about 2 years .
i love this product and was a great price .
however , know that this is not water proof .
i purchased this one about three weeks ago .
so i didnt care about that either.but my dog .
ordered two of these and they both fit .
the machine produces luke warm coffee - yuck ! .
i ca n't ask for much more than that .
the price is right and it ships free .
it 's a waffle maker and it makes waffles .
look at one of the cheaper flash players .
regular filters allow coffee grounds to flow into coffee .
the price is nice and the quality is great .
not a single bubble formed during the process .
this is a well thought-out case for the droid .
i see another reviewer had the same problem .
i would recommend this to anyone cooking for themselves .
i tried and tried with hand crank pasta makers .
recently our renters moved out and left a mess .
want to check that - try going slow .
stay away from this game it is terrible .
it took almost 10 minutes to get it right .
i guess i can use it around the house .
pricey compared to big-box stores lower quality pans .
so just switch back and forth for dices .
lodge pre seasoned is the way to go .
this new stylus works just fine with compatible machines .
not sure why that would have any effect .
where it is lacking is in internet connection speed .
did not fit the phone i bought it for .
but the one i got was not suede .
shipped in about a week and a half .
venison is way down on the list now .
had kind of a chemically taste , like cleanser .
it 's a shame because she really loves it .
in fact , the initial suspect is his daughter .
this is not a product for women of color .
urinary track blockage is very costly to treat .
i bought this one for my recreational vehicle .
i have tried alot of zesters and graters .
and the bluetooth adds a lot of functionality .
this is simply water sealed up in thin plastic .
sadly , it exhibits this behavior on all bikes .
it 's a data cable for proprietary samsung phones .
this device is almost perfect , from my perspective .
falling apart after a couple months of weekly use .
i am actually ordering more , they are great .
i cook curry and it requires lot of onions .
this filter was a complete waste of money .
i am so very glad that i did .
we bought two of these based on reviews .
it works perfectly and was a steal on amazon .
this filter works great in my air cleaner .
you always get too much on the work surface .
i just bought one of these from target .
this is the best bluetooth device i 've tried .
so i dealt with it and started playing .
this works perfect and seems like good quality .
i have been very impressed over the years .
the heat is distributed evenly over the whole surface .
i will look for local suppliers in the future .
these are fun to use when making cookies .
i dreadedthe combat system because it was so boring .
one of which was the large intellibone puzzle .
call of duty 2 was a lot better .
does not take up room in the drawer .
the game wears on and even these grow tiresome .
we really prefer them to the wooden ones .
i 've been using it for several weeks now .
the navigation and gameplay are smooth and easy .
i discovered that it still malfunctioned as described above .
this is a pointless game with very little story .
very sturdy and keeps the original screen clean .
powerful hype erupted when resident evil 2 was announced .
i spend more time yelling than enjoying the game .
for some reason i ca n't get enough cases .
this game displays total laziness and lack of creativity .
i live and work in solid 4g areas .
even the otherwise crappy motorola razr line ( e.g .
it can get really hot for that nice sear .
were snug enough to hold the pants up .
on the high side for a 2-quart pot .
the bosses and enemies are tedious and annoying .
i did not sleep well when using this pillow .
even when i got the clamp on tight enough .
the plastic ones over time become brittle and break .
some people seem to think it increases the libido .
i have to use a hose to fill them .
it is very watered down just like the conditioner .
i purchased two of these and totally love it .
i find the thicker phone more comfortable to hold .
bought this for my wife over a year ago .
and i usually do not leave product reviews .
does just what it is supposed to do .
second , there is no cheat mode to toggle .
if forced i fear it would burr the head .
these bowls are absolutely perfect for individual serving sizes .
i get so many compliments on this knife holder .
i have 2 lodge pizza pans and love them .
get a palm powered device if you want reliability .
just looked this up in our wedding registry .
this truck is much smaller than i expected .
not sure what all th hip is about .
rather disappointed unit only provided 5 months use .
this thing only lasted a couple of months .
burgers were cooked well with nice sear marks .
their advertisement just states 7.0 tablet screen protector film .
used all sorts of cleaners etc but no effect .
any one of them is better than this .
the vertical dividers on each side keep snapping off .
it does not affect taste , color or consistency .
there will be no starting over for any reason .
but the problem is the bulkiness of the otterbox .
never again will buy from this company again .
it drains well and so far i am pleased .
my rottweiler ended up chewing the purple top off .
the shade looks different from the picture here .
i understand that many people love this game .
these really work well to protect your screen .
it sort of matched the smell , i guess .
cooking speed seems to be quicker than most .
i have had my venta airwasher about 5 years .
fits nicely in my hand and peels great .
lastly you cant use this cradle with a case .
i 've had this coffee grinder for several years .
the n8 is the perfect phone for me .
not a lot to say but it works .
i called amazon and they quickly made an exchange .
any baker would want one also any cook .
this thing sounds like crap with anything distortion .
i downloaded the drivers and synced the t|x .
the color was dull , got the medium natural .
i am not interested in purchasing a product blind .
i am very dissapointed with amazons customers service .
rather an old idea and improved upon since .
there are two layers of the case also .
if you do buy , get an extended warranty .
the enclosure is beautiful and clever industrial design .
i use lush razorantium and it is far superior .
the did not a aborb water at all .
maybe neither will work and you need something different .
my 16 month english bull terrier destroyed this .
i can charge my phone while in the holder .
seemed to want to be off too much .
at that point you 'll get good nonstick performance .
they are just cookies.the chocolate chunks are not big .
the stylus is marginal , or not very good .
i will be staying with advantage for now on .
it is easy to clean under running hot water .
this cube just clunks over and they lose interest .
nothing is perfect and i use this grill frequently .
i 've got a big boy and it fits .
i have yet to use the griddle side .
kids love it.highly recommended , use it every day .
low quality product and extremely dissappoint in the brand .
easy to use and clean up was ok .
i briefly owned an original jawbone in 2006 .
i was not very pleased with this harness .
returned these polos before ever wearing them once .
this perfume should be selling for about $ 20.00 .
i am a long time fan of bass shoes .
generally what you see is what you get .
it is a good investment and easy to use .
ca n't wait to use my cookbooks with this .
always well constructed with a nice looking design .
for the price i ca n't rate this low .
this tastes more like vegetable base than lobster base .
come with all stickers that are seen in picture .
i did n't realize it was coming from china .
each cup has a brightly colored measurement indicator .
some kong products are great but not this one .
the variety of serving bowls come in so handy .
sent it back the day i received it .
pros : overall i am happy with these bowls .
i do n't even want this on my body .
this is the third one i have bought .
the vacu vin system is the best available .
you can control how dark you want it .
the volume button became extremely hard to move .
i wish i had more slack with it .
shame on me for not doing my homework .
ends are well constructed and tight to the cable .
i 've had these for over a year now .
this is the worst product i have ever bought .
no - some of these were random puzzles .
this thing has all the bells and whistles .
it takes him longer to get at his treats .
i did take advice and found pods online .
new batteries again , and finally saw a flicker .
i used it because it 's all i had .
the clasp opened some how and would not close .
i will be using this all the time .
these have 190 calories and 90 from fat .
either way it works so no complaints here .
my dog does not care for it any more .
the pain-killer pills tend to cause kidney damage .
i have a whole set of different sizes .
this case was delivered quickly & packaged safe .
they are amazingly pigmented and go on great .
at first i was very pleased with this product .
i can charge phone while using if need be .
i strained macaroni & medium shells pasta with this .
i ordered coconut milk and got something else .
you can choose some great accessories for it .
i would never get anything from them again .
it complements the iphone well and provide subtle texture .
the lip is helpful for pouring out batter too .
i oiled and cleaned the blades after each use .
i have been buying large tees all my life .
i spread it around with a paper towel .
i posted this on alan 's comments section too .
all the dust and dirt is has collected etc .
it protects you phone like it 's suppose to .
this is the best george foreman so far .
i sent mine to sandisk at least 4 times .
it offers minumal protection compared to other brands .
the cord is rubbery and about 6 feet long .
he has been cutting bread like crazy ever since .
i am delighted with the color and functionality .
my girlfriend likes pink , and this is pink .
they are a professional tool for the kitchen .
have n't tried the piano or guitar yet however .
easier to replace than a damaged digitizer glass .
very easy to pair , and works very good .
but i guess you get what you pay for .
i saw this one at wally-mart while shopping there .
i did not know it would last that long.6 .
i just received the case and really like it .
one stores the sausage tubes inside this shell .
this turntable take two minutes to make one revolution .
seems like bluetooth headsets are a very subjective experience .
at 16 1/2 inches , this thing is tall .
it 's a ten-dollar hatchet sold at department stores .
the tray in the warmer does not come out .
extremely hard to program both clock and timer .
i got them just to wear around the house .
i decided to try this artisan version instead .
you plug it in as directed on the instructions .
it just ca n't drain well through the grass .
i always ended up with a greasy looking face .
i had already ordered one of these from amazon .
crate was shipped bare in the shipping box .
the cast iron heats very evenly and stays hot .
i would never spend money on this again .
it reconnects quickly when brought back into range .
the pan is sturdy and has a quality feel .
i was highly optimistic about this plantronics m50 model .
when patches come out , i will try again .
the problem comes from using the product as sunscreen .
it fits the 3ds screens perfectly without any bubbles .
the ordering and shipping were fine without any problems .
buy them a videonow or a barbie cam .
i will say the router installed without a hitch .
you can get them as small as .177 .
used it several times already and thankful for this .
it also would randomly disconnect when sitting idle.4th unit .
i now take better care of my hair .
i would not recommend any creative lab 's product .
comparatively , this tea is a step above swill .
this game does n't even deserve half a star .
was expecting true licorice this product taste artificial .
it cleans easily and lasts a long time .
so the warranty expired a long time ago .
you do n't get stronger when you level up .
it is much easier to use paper filters .
i find these invaluable under homemade pound cakes .
turn a light on when you pour the water .
i used this 3 times and it shorted out .
i purchased this case for my wife 's phone .
i will buy more in the future if needed .
ive had this charger for about a month .
it is a clean design and not too heavy .
these batteries arrived with the plastic already cut open .
i was fooled by all the good reviews .
this grill/griddle works great with my gas stove .
i have bought two of these and neither work .
or any that i would want to use .
i have cooked burgers in so many different ways .
this pair was made in china and looks fine .
i can only describe what was given to me .
great quality and makes running so much easier .
do not spend this much money for this item .
i guess you get what you pay for .
these hanger were exactly what i was looking for .
they were the ones that invented the walkman .
i could have fit two of me in these .
not bad at all for these price points .
it did n't randomly stop charging my phone either .
that goes in the bottom of my 20-ounce thermos .
i was a little disappointed when the pan arrived .
the playability on this pc version is terrible .
that way i know exactly what i 'm getting .
i loved these speakers when i had them .
this can be found in the included manual .
i checked and the hole was clear of grounds .
this bike only has one sound and then off .
shipping was minimal for the size of the products .
deep wrinkle removal is definitely not what you get .
only issue i have is ending a call .
the nipples in the rail are different sizes .
only this mouse gives problems and crashes setpoint .
this popped our corn kernels quickly and nearly completely .
water all over the stone and instant steam .
this is a very well made quality product .
do n't know what the deal is with these .
you just drop in a packet and flush .
lots of suction and power in this vac .
ours bent in the front making it useless .
these screen protectors do not even fit the phone .
my worst symptoms are hot flashes and night sweats .
everything in the nutrition label under carbohydrates is sugar .
it works intermittenly and will probably fail completely soon .
definetly not a long wear eyeliner for me .
would purchase again if needed in another area .
thank you so much for a lovely case .
i definitely got what i paid for , however .
would recommend and would by again if needed .
its just black , nothing impressive but very durable .
i would say its not even worth renting .
would buy again blindly without researching anything else .
one star for stupid mistake and for my trouble .
this battery does not fit for t-mobile brand .
you need this if you every make salads .
they want me to upgrade firmware a third time .
these are too small to do much good .
not sure why this phone is so popular .
the graphics were 5 star as was the storyline .
it is decibels quieter and is actually more powerful .
just regular loafers and tennis shoes i suppose .
it said to go to their support web site .
i am an fps fan from way back .
the blueant bluetooth was very comfortable to wear .
their the smallest 35 's i have ever seen .
15 times at most , it just stopped working .
this kit also comes with a guitar pick .
they work very good and clean up is awesome .
so that 's why 2 stars and not 1 .
we should have played with it before hand .
i fell for the hype and got this game .
this was a great addition to our chefs kitchen .
the handle grasp is narrow with no lip .
this is my third bunn pour-o-matic coffee brewer .
i stapled them shut and hope they work .
this brita pitcher was certified to do that .
if you can , wait for the new drive .
i have had good luck here with kong toys .
that is all i have used it for .
was the worst stand i have ever purchased .
i will stick to my good old benzoyl peroxide .
the can is great tho and a good size .
please do not waste your money on this product .
ditto my remarks re : 13 inch wilton spatula .
if you are 34 , order 36 or 38 .
been running 4.1.1 on this for a while .
my son and i really love these glasses .
these taste like they are organic and vegan .
it is very small but does a great job .
the felt tip came off after 3 lenses cleaning .
that 's why i came up with this idea .
i highly recommend for the protection of your phone .
they are the absolute worst product out there .
i just got it in like five minutes ago .
i think its metal with a silicone outside .
it does not have the new usb 3.0 .
i really liked the simplicity of the tool .
just take foam material and make your own .
this is twice the size as my last one .
a nice addition to the other knives i had .
otherwise , this pan works great for smaller portions .
now i am certainly glad i purchased these .
it is well made and received it on time .
not sure how this got some many great ratings .
i love the charging case that comes with it .
first one died exactly 365 days after purchase .
we love the discs and the bread blade .
i have had this filter for over a year .
it performs efficiently and has a very sleek design .
this cover really fits and protect my iphone 4s .
now tilt the paper towards a bowl or whatever .
diamond stone does n't seem to do the job .
changes to a funky blue when fully charged .
and most of us watch tv in darkened rooms .
this case arrived early and was in great shape .
very dispointed and have to deal with it .
my wire and i have become popcorn freaks .
we got red , does not match the room .
we have n't stopped eating french fries since then .
my husband put it together in about 20 min .
this company does not listen to the customer .
i would recommend this item to family and friends .
this teakettle was given to me as a gift .
otterbox have a lifetime warranty for their cases .
could not be happier with the service i received .
he drop it and the boot snapped off .
this game had many faults in my opinion .
but wont buy it again for flea control .
very simplistic , easy to use and dishwasher safe .
it lasted a very short amount of time .
i will not be buying this brand again .
the fit and finish of the product is excellent .
this was a nice buy for the money .
we would never take asara out of the closet .
i returned the item and purchased another brand .
since that time i have replaced the game .
i was very disappointed when i got this .
save yourself the headache and get one of those .
i like to run it in the winter months .
everyone suggested that i get some screen protectors .
the 15 '' roaster arrived with one broken handle .
it is now like many other drugstore moisturizers .
i prefer my electronics as compact as possible .
these filters have no discernable impact on odor .
rolls-up for storage in draw or can hang .
i am very happy i went with shield .
i had one for my blackberry loved it .
and it also hurt after the first day .
this case is what it says it is .
i was in a do or die situation .
be careful if you are sensitive to caffiene .
this is the only set i will be using .
my filter broke after 2-3 weeks of using it .
i ordered the malachite speck case through mf manufacturers .
this is my second charger of this type .
not a safe case or looks like described online .
i was n't sure how to rate this thing .
many things about the archos jukebox are terrific .
i will not buy any products from pureology again .
the cookies cut apart nicely and do not break .
as for the volume its perfectly loud for me .
the whole steak was done medium in 5 minutes .
it 's more for the company than the shoes .
i was extremely excited when i saw this camera .
so you can always find an available station .
i 've actually been pretty impressed with this device .
i do the second rise right in the pot .
this literally fell apart after 5 months of use .
i 'm always looking for a better travel mug .
but other than that it 's a great case .
purchased another and returned it with the same results .
cleans up easily and has held up well .
not a bubble or imperfection of any sort .
to get between the case and the phone .
grates things very fine and simple to clean .
they hurt my feet and never stretched out .
if you like sludgy coffee , keep on trucking .
booted with the drive connected - no dif .
at the color of the effluent after two passes .
i find the sound quality to be fairly good .
there is nothing difficult about this pressure cooker .
it is inexpensive and provides just as much protection .
guess i 'll keep on looking for the vc .
i prefer slightly tapered shorts like levis 505s .
the 5-piece starter set includes the 8 qt .
i gave up after a few more tries .
it is attached to the bottom by firm latches .
i have found this one difficult to work with .
oh how i do adore the taste of bacon .
the probes do not survive in a bbq .
my dog much prefers the nylabone dinosaur shaped bones .
but with this first aid kit its completely unwarranted .
they need to go back to the drawing board .
i thought i 'm getting a good deal here .
sometimes , he even uses it as a chair .
however , the charge quickly reverts to 3g inside .
have been using it for months without fail .
this case comes with a variety of canon lenses .
will never purchase anything connected with ninjago again .
i have experienced a slight improvement regarding numbness .
i like it very strong and with cream .
i am dumping all cookware with teflon linings .
sturdy and easily used under the kitchen sink .
i even convinced my best friend to buy one .
but my lock & lock containers always work perfectly .
bags on board changed the design of their bags .
my set of corelle plates were purchased in 1976 .
i gave up and thought the collar would help .
all my mac eyeshadow fits in each one .
i need at least a 7 , maybe 7.5 .
the rest of mine went into the trash .
the double-wall stainless carafe really makes a difference .
the grips are nice and not too bulky .
when i purchased this headset , i was skeptical .
lashes did not adhere very well at all .
i thought i would give it a try .
it seems grainy and it dried out my skin .
this is a great machine for the price .
glad i did n't pay tooooo much for it .
therefore i live with a lot of crumbs .
i preheat the pizza pan to 450 degrees .
this was way overdosing except for the copper .
wow here i am writing a bad review .
i would try another method in the future .
the crumb catcher does just that , very handy .
for most baking users will find this pan adequate .
a few days if you have no applications open .
i purchased this unit for a road trip cross-country .
i bought another compression sack to carry it in .
they went straight into the nearest garbage can .
fresh breath- no change in teeth whitening for me .
the camera angle is just flat out piss pore .
i received this noise machine as a gift .
i did not find it refreshing at all .
it saves time with short hair as well .
this case would impress the hard to please teen .
to my surprise , it lifted these old stains .
cheap case.it starting chipping shortly after i got it .
i 've never broken one yet after 20 years .
pretty sorry product compared to splenda and equal .
this new grill is a pleasure to cook with .
comfortable means you 're not crying out in pain .
it definitely is not for lg dvd writers .
yet another terribly designed take n play set .
this is a nice set of measuring cups .
the button simply would n't work for that functionality .
we ordered the zojirushi ec-bd15 coffeemaker in 2005 .
also use them to freeze veggies after blanching .
this is a nice texting phone with qwerty keyboard .
used for the first time just after buying .
collect all four colors of bunny and you win .
thank you guys for having this item for me .
i like the large easy to read dial .
this is a very efficient organizer for my make-up .
this model is sturdy and easy to clean .
the fact that it fit so well surprised me .
then i spent a while online using wifi .
this set is just perfect for the kitchen .
been wanting to get a kitchenaid mixer for ages .
holster is ok but i did n't like it .
i wont buy another brand of blender again ! .
i had to return it for a refund .
i think this is is a dumb design .
i am also not inpressed with its filtering .
and other things are slightly different on the battery .
it always flamed up if baking the salmon fish .
audio quality is pretty good since i 'm streaming .
these have held up for almost a year now .
you dont get so much sand with this .
you can only head one serving at a time .
a very reasonable price for a cuisinart piece .
is terrible and so is the voice acting .
this really holds and you do n't need much .
bottom line i do n't recommend the jabra stone .
this machine is fairly large , and quite heavy .
i did n't even use it that many times .
the hanger broke the first time i used it .
it is hard to keep paired with both phones .
i use an unbleached 'if you care'/germany paper filter .
here are the problems with this useless cutting device:1 .
i would buy nike any day over these .
the first was $ 10 and lasted a week .
it 's the worst in the double dragon series .
this kitchenaid blender is the best in the business .
incredible value compared to other more expensive choices ! .
my opinion is the ps3 is a superior platform .
the build quality is superb and it handles perfectly .
it was a little pricey for a lid .
but this really gives no support at all .
they are always done when the light goes out .
dmt makes interrupted surface and continuous surface diamond stones .
the oblong filter just fits and pops out easily .
i leave mine plugged in on the counter always .
i have tried most of the popular acne kits/products .
this one is faster and i love the results .
you are forced to go to your carrier .
the pairing to my phone was very easy .
maybe i just ended up getting a dud .
so i think that took the fun away .
this one was weaker than what i removed .
i also plan on using it for sangria .
have had one of these for a while .
i bought multiple sizes i liked these so well .
two weeks out and back and no fix .
they should have just made one big cutout .
so much better than the upright version honeywell makes .
i have had this product for approximately 2 years .
they are the best space savers in my kitchen .
feel awful even if top was n't was stretchable .
i like the colorful printed measurements on the handle .
the material and zips are not that impressive .
it stops just before making the clean cut .
this pot is on the way back to amazon .
this one does have one more blade than mine .
the picture posted looks bright red and compact .
clean up is a no brainer.go green ! ! .
this grinder is clearly well engineered and built .
they did about 2 pages and were over it .
do not use these to polish your guitar .
the splash masque clear screen protector is outstanding .
it is simple in design and washes fairly easily .
ever since they moved to thailand they became garbage .
i use these to bring breakfast to work .
this makes each round seem waaaaaay too short .
the price was reasonable and the quality is great .
i do n't have that with my new 50250-s .
switched to great lakes and the tenderness went away .
sweet potatoes are not supposed to be chewy .
the case has a good feel to it .
a dull knife never got nobody nothing but hurt .
all drippings are kept out of the spout .
it fits perfectly and looks good on the phone .
the tool is well designed and works as expected .
did not notice any improvement in flea control .
clean up is never something to look forward to .
i have been using one for nearly 3 years .
it 's a viscious cycle that just keeps going .
but this does not happen with the fissler .
much better than single cup heated in microwave .
and i now use it on my hands .
ive installed many of these and its pretty simple .
like one egg or things in a small bowl .
it well surpassed my expectations of what i bought .
i do n't know how to get good speeds .
it had to be completely removed and changed .
i returned them and would not recommend them .
the handles are just the right size too .
finding puzzles locations can become ridiculously difficult to locate .
mind that edge , folks.edit this post | permalink .
they basically took a case and bedazzled it .
i only wish it charged my phone faster .
the material obviously had to be made from chemicals .
takes way too long to charge the battery .
the speaker does work quite well for its size .
my phone always get smudged and fingerprints on it .
at $ 30.00 you get what you pay for .
i shake 2-3x longer and still its a mess .
getting it clean after fried rice was a chore .
i use this one almost every day as well .
like other reviewers said , it damages the tapes .
the control box for answering calls works as designed .
the old one rattled and vibrated and burped .
you do not see any of the pumpkin fiber .
they come with a cheap black plastic case .
even was charged when i got it yay .
but not enough to drive her from the area .
the applicator was easy and fun to use .
when i first bought this it worked magnificantly .
i will now smile as i take those trips .
beautiful color and goes with all my other fiestaware .
it does not make it feel bulky at all .
get one with gyro or not at all .
i have not noticed a difference in eyelash growth .
but seems like a great headset to me .
i will not purchase a thing from ctk again .
the smell and looks is all worth it .
it 's a smaller but not too small pot .
it charges the latest micro usb phones fairly quickly .
it is a very flimsy tiny piece of plastic .
i think these replacement blades are just too expensive .
the grips on the handle are also nice .
also great as a small mixing bowl when cooking .
this product did pretty much nothing for me .
i would not recommend this cover to my friends .
will update if that happens with this one .
i have never had a brownie taste so nasty .
i like that it comes with a storage container .
it is very thick and exactly like glue .
it will just scratch up the seasoning surface .
if you have a curve get one of this .
i ordered the correct size and 3 different colors .
they work well and feel good in use .
this iphone case is just what my husband wanted .
i used the bluetooth for over a year .
an earlier model just wore out from constant use .
its whole wheat pasta and white cheddar cheese .
easy to clean and keep in the desk drawer .
looks just like the picture and good quality .
feels like i 'm wearing heels made of wood .
the cutouts for the camera and buttons are great .
i use it when out in the field .
the kids live in them all summer long .
this drives the screw into the cork for you .
very disappointing.this is a very badly designed thomas set .
bought this current model after checking out several others .
this is a very poor transmitter / receiver .
i wish the mesh pocket were not black .
but i wo n't be buying another invicta anything .
first time i thought it was my fault .
i tried on two different systems and both failed .
the color and amount of crema is consistent .
very slow to use compared to a standard scale .
the one bright spot however is its graphics .
those without it are not missing out on anything .
its not a universal storage for all knives .
works great as expected and the price is right .
the pieces are also too small to blow bubbles .
i 've had nothing but trouble from this switch .
would have been better if it stayed on .
now i am vacuum sealing everything in my house .
it works very well for both lemons and limes .
lenses are supposed to out last the camera .
i think its the titanium which is the issue .
it is powerful and does the job just fine .
i never use them for pressure cooking food .
just be sure that you want a trackball mouse .
i absolutely love the quality of pyrex cookware .
have only sharpened my knives once so far .
liars.3 ) to upgrade your castle you save money .
super handy , compact quick recharge for your iphone .
still keeps the coffee drinkably hot for 24 hours .
i have a trek 820 hard tail mountain bike .
this case did not fit my phone at all .
this product has served me well in the past .
they are very strong and keep bags sealed well .
the wilton bundt pan made was easy to use .
not a great fit for our multiple cat household .
it was not at all helpful to my skin .
but this little presto device is quite spiffy .
i am not knocking it as a product .
i have a few words of advise though .
the cut for this knife is really nice .
since then , they no longer hold a charge .
no sound unless you plug her into a computer .
sadly , there seems to be no replacement parts .
a bit of time.overall i recommend this product .
i did like the idea of real-time 'combat'/movement .
will give more update as the time goes .
i really love the quality of these glasses .
the inserts however , are no longer available locally .
definately not at the top of the heap .
it just seemed to get in the way .
time for me to return it for a refund .
this is a very nice product for the cost .
but when i ordered it on amazon , nope .
is this some hk copycat brand or something ? .
the only fluff left was in the side bolsters .
it 's perfectly gentle enough with carrots and potatoes .
my experience with this mitt has occurred several times .
will recommend to anyone who needs a new cable .
this is the best funnel i have owned .
so she took it and applied it again .
if i could give it 10 stars i would .
while it worked , this was a good blow-dryer .
case is a perfect fit and is very snug .
they were fresh and squishy , and well packaged .
your stuck with them until they get injured .
had to refuse shipment and send it back .
i do n't know why others are having issues .
it was just a bad buy on my part .
ademas trae una memoria microsd de 2 gb .
if you just want shots down range buy these .
well i have been blown away by their durability .
the price was cheap , the case fit good .
my skin has greatly improved since going natural .
they allowed me to examine it prior to purchase .
maybe you will have better luck than i did .
i quit contract phones over a year ago .
i bought this case to keep my headset in .
this broke me out in the worse way .
lasted just over 2 months and burnt out .
i read the reviews here and all sounded good .
we each eat a bowl so i bought 2 .
jabra makes fine products : stylish and well built .
it is very cheap plastic pieces that snap together .
these do n't really stick to anything except themselves .
in this regard it was a great purchase .
now i am researching a different bluetooth to purchase .
i was so relieved to wash it off .
too bad because everyone speaks so highly of otterbox .
the result is something so flimsy that jawbone inc .
at least it came with a crayon sharpener .
i have gone through about 5 bluetooth headsets .
and it takes *hours* to crawl through these dungeons .
i use this every day ! i love this .
just the right size for the in between jobs .
do your research if you love your dog .
this was a good product when i used it .
the ring of the 50/1.4 appears to be loose .
have had this phone now for almost 15 months .
blades are always sharp and clean up is easy .
i guess i will just have to keep looking .
our breads that we put in it molded .
i think that the sims have gone overboard .
keep in mind this was with the same environment .
it took about 2 weeks before it came in .
this is just what i have been looking for .
mine worked until i had to move the tivo .
it bakes evenly with a nice golden brown .
it makes an annoying sound when it is on .
the battery is outfitted with an onboard power indicator .
they 're all pumped on this product as well .
be sure to look at reviews before purchasing ! .
used a good starter from health food store .
i take them to a professional knife sharpener .
i am very happy with this purchase so far .
less expensive than i would have expected , too .
it has been very helpful.i recommend this product .
they are easy to clean and comfortable to use .
alas ! oh but the graphics are super cute .
not sure why everyone lovers this brand/model so much .
sometimes i have to keep mobile in dusty places .
this is perfect for all sorts of small uses .
it charges to full power overnight from fully drained .
normal pan drippings on the bottom after use .
i almost wonder if this was a refurbished item .
the details on the coaster are sharp and well-defined .
do n't buy unlees you want a pointless game .
they were never as good as this pan .
it falls apart on you the minute tyoutouch it .
our daughter 's room was covered in salt powder .
the heating instructions allow for the bag to get .
i recommend this , especially for first time users .
even my smaller 70lb boy ripped it up .
i was hoping for end to end coverage .
amazon was terrific with the way they handled it .
it is a cool toy for an older kid .
not sure if these caused that to happen .
it is rugged built and made to last .
i do n't think that these are very practical .
the knife came out of the box very sharp .
i think i will get a bigger one too .
it seems to be a nice quality product .
however , mine was only good for 2 months .
looks nice but this one appears to be malfuncting .
beautifully made and cleans up bright and shiny ! .
even worse than the grip is the blade itself .
have used this charger for more than a year .
i have to release the locking mechanism and rotate .
i will not be using this item again .
non-stick surface is terrific and a no fail product .
as soon i stopped using this the breakout stopped .
it made my skin soft and moisturized it well .
the crust does soften up after sitting several hours .
for the price , this is a good buy .
i have cleaned and jiggled the motor etc .
you 'll like this if you have quality knives .
took a very long time to get here tho .
that just made more things to wash up .
twine holds up well , does not burn off .
not a very big improvement over the first .
did not freeze yet.- upgraded to android 2.2 .
i will look for local suppliers in the future .
the pci express is the only way to go .
i would urge you to try that phone .
i read the instructions and tried it out .
i tried this spot treatment for four months .
at this point , the amazon warranty was expired .
a few minutes later it starts to scale off .
it 's cute and the texture is really nice .
20oz is to the very top of the cup .
and both items came in the same box .
all clear screen makes seeing the screen easy .
i do not recommend this product to anyone .
the device arrived promptly and worked as advertised .
this is my first time using an air purifier .
i read a lot of reviews before ordering this .
i have no complaints at all about this scale .
full charging usually takes between one to two hours .
my grado 60 is more than 17 years old .
i was disappointed all around on this product .
and letting it go doens't stop the horse .
i use it when i travel to australia .
i thought i would try this brand of shirt .
brute force has more intuitive firing and squad controls .
do n't buy one if you are considering it .
i use this with a motorola android phone .
i bought all the matching containers as well .
very awkward and uncomfortable , does n't lay right .
none of the cleaners broke , except this one .
these help with the cooking of microwave popcorn .
this is the nicest silverware tray i 've owned .
it works wonderfully , im so happy with it .
first bubble and grit free install of one ever .
do not waste your money on this item .
they used to be made in the u.s .
protecets it from damage and looks great also .
i always hand wash this and towel dry .
it is not prohibited on airplanes by the tsa.3 .
all i did was follow the tmobile online activation .
they dug into my arm pits a bit .
could it be full of delicious..well let me see .
thanks for a great product & i highly recommend .
i love this vacuum and want get another one .
i mounted this right outside my back door .
we got two decent sized servings from the box .
i have two of these and both have failed .
it was so much heavier than i expected .
as it turned out this screw set was helpful .
does good.here are the six more words required .
the connection with my iphone 4 is good .
it 's great to have these replacement filters available .
the entire process will take 15 business days .
now it means simply playing as someone else .
best of all it is made in usa .
i think a harder silicon could have been used .
other wise it 's a pretty nice cake tester .
the farberware 1qt pan arrived in excellent condition .
ca n't use on tub surround only original tiles .
even on the pyrex homepage it 's way cheaper .
there was glass 8 feet away from the stove .
it really feels indulgent to eat so much .
she loves it very much and so did i .
i wish they will rethink the whole product .
pay a little more money and get something better .
i find no need for stealth at all .
something in it does n't agree with my hair .
let 's get down to the bottom of this .
it broke the corner and have not received replacement .
i had the faceplace of this phone break .
visual inspection seemed to confirm this to us .
it was just a watered down old-spice tasting mess .
it can stand the abuse of a commercial kitchen .
now it appears they may be discontinue carrying them .
we use this dish for lots of different dishes .
so far , this cutting board has been great .
there are 6 pages of rules to go by .
useless after that since it wo n't stay closed .
it is not worth the cost or effort .
he pushed this thing around like no tomorrow .
a handful of recent android phones are 1280x720 .
got a foreigner who was eating a sandwich .
he just looks at it , and moves on .
i will not be able to use them together .
it gets all the juice out very well .
i used this product to bake friendship bread .
i love the colors fiestaware comes out with .
luckily i still had my factory barrel bead .
the sun had dried and baked the adhesive .
i 'm sure it is great for younger women .
will buy more of these when needed for sure .
i just did n't find it right for me .
found out about this juicer through cooks illustrated .
i would indeed purchase another should mine ever break .
i could 've gotten the same effect with lotion .
i hope i can find something that works ! .
and by that i mean more expensive of course .
i bought this a year and a half ago .
i 'm sure it will last a long time .
easy to take all and put in a bag .
the era wo n't stay in the ear piece .
this case fits perfectly and gives good impact coverage .
for example , a missle rack has 4x4 ammo .
i was sad when eventually my rhinestones chipped off .
i am so glad i made this purchase .
i am really happy with my new case .
if not , no wonder you are getting bubbles .
and the lashes look too much like plastic .
the majority of my cases were damaged in shipping .
heavy enough to stay put on the skillets .
the hand on superman feel off within a week .
my unpowered rabbit ear out-performed it by a mile .
i was just happy to finally get a ps2 .
i am not satisfied with this razor at all .
i am not able to use it at all .
it broke and there was no way to repair .
it is great protection if it were more streamlined .
and i can wipe the non-stick surface clean .
i actually had to take the battery out .
and she is all to eager to do this .
i ended up using it more than i thought .
finally , a non-metallic whisk that does its job .
the pan is great , so easy to clean .
i was so disappointed when i tried it .
just be careful and watch each primer carefully .
the warming plate on this maker is fabulous .
seems to be of quality design & materials .
this arrived fast and in secure , clean packing .
great phone case especially if you love hello kitty .
easy to clean if you have a bottle brush .
however , its good for transporting in a truck .
it is incredibly easy to program and operate .
the rye and french loaves were amazing with fondue .
what a horrible waste of time and money .
i had a playstation 2 then bought a gamecube .
even the basic recipes produce excellent ice cream .
no batteries to worry about , just wind up .
had to return for a cotton robe instead .
you can buy attachments for just about anything too .
you have to unplug it to turn it off .
the deal breaker is the distorted plastic mirror .
i have tried many different brands and models .
i waited a month before writing a review .
my wife is very pleased with the mixer .
there were n't that many different dishes to make .
and i 'd put a programmable timer on it .
i only purchased this because a friend suggested it .
chocolate/white chocolate pretzels are one of their favorites .
i have a friend who runs a shelter .
what a waste of money in this economy .
it was cheaply made and tore right away .
do not waste your time with this earbud .
the crust baked up perfectly in only 10 mins .
i was very disappointed that i purchased this .
the price of ground pork is not so great .
you have 3 seconds to kill them all .
i cook and smoke a lot of meat .
i have had no problems with them at all .
i searched amazon products and found this great spoon .
i could n't find these locally at the stores .
when they fall they dent with each impact .
what a total pain it was to clean .
stir crazy is much better and stirs itself .
the variety of speeds is appropriate and useful .
all of these bowls stack together very nicely too .
my first experience was about half a cup .
i do n't know how i managed without it .
i loved the cases and they arrived quickly .
it came out of the laundry completely clean .
lost its seal and i threw it away .
i went threw 2 of these and gave up .
this is only the larger particles you can see .
first i thought it was dust or user error .
i did n't buy these jars for canning purposes .
this keyboard has the annoying habit of repeating letters .
now they 've very stiff and difficult to use .
1st one had no sound but seller replaced immediately .
but i can heartily recommend the 120 3-stage .
not at all the quality i was expecting .
both this half-sheet and the full-sheet are great .
this thing is a waste of moeny and time .
i received exactly what the product description says .
i like to cut chicken and fish with it .
i tried this mask twice with the same results .
this processor has performed admirably since we purchased it .
has a 4s now so no longer using it .
we were using pre-ground coffee , and loved it .
these beans taste half way dry on the inside .
this is not the first time this has happened .
rosle makes the best whisks i have ever used .
easy to clean and uses little storage space .
this is the second one i have purchased .
maybe house of the dead is more my type .
my knives are right there when i need them .
furthermore , he lacks cohesiveness as an overall robot .
first off bp medical supplies took awhile to ship .
the price was right so i bought two sets .
i have the 3gs and the cover fits perfect .
this game is hands-down the best racer for gc .
i barely frosted or peeled with the 25 % .
i worry the battery will fall out very easily .
definitely did not give me a texturized look .
these screen protectors come with a cloth for that .
my first one was the blue colored plastic one .
it 's easy to activate and comfortable to wear .
this paper towel holder is amazingly stable when mounted .
the regular cokin adapter has nice rounded edges .
so yea they accidently sent me the wrong ones .
forcing specific traffic onto specific wans also seems inconsistent .
so this is my fourth ? plantronics voyager pro .
this one is poor when compared to others .
would buy from seller again and recommend to others .
how well they slide on the touch screen.2 .
i give it one star as a coffee mill .
no more floppy bacon that tastes like rubber .
the headset operates best with the phone in sight .
it does not seem to be truly hypoallergenic .
they have held up well and are quite sturdy .
i have n't had a single problem with it .
it held together still after 6 months of use .
this works fine - though after getting it .
even when turned off it keeps making static .
the 128 memory chip runs you 50 bucks .
it fell apart as soon as i got it .
some people loved it , while others derided it .
like others , followed the instructions to the letter .
i should have looked more closely at it .
just a short amount of heat and they fail .
if you stack pans , separate with paper plates .
works great for holding up my phone while charging .
and remember , this is just the first part .
it can warm up left overs like new .
yawn.i suggest you do n't buy this baseball game .
you might as well not even have a case .
the cap is nice to keep the salt dry .
they did accept return but charged me shipping .
i rarely use high heat with cast iron .
i like everthing about this purse except it durability .
the salmon steak was also grilled to perfection .
but nobody tells you these things on their labels .
it whips the frozen fruit into a wonderful smoothie .
i tried to soft reset and hard reset .
both of these units are so easy to use .
but please think twice before you buy it .
i had trouble making it see my two routers .
my 6 year old daughter desperately wanted this .
mixing clear and frosted materials looks really cool .
i use it 5x or more a week .
i thought maybe it was just my 32x .
i had some graters , but nothing this fine .
i finally gave it to a thrift store .
i just barely tighten mine enough to not wiggle .
the calls are clear and the volume is adjustable .
oh , the large capacity is really nice too .
this perfume smells nothing like the kenzo i have.2 .
the price and performance make this a great buy .
i adore the zebra pattern action going on .
heats evenly and the cast iron is nicely seasoned .
running someone over in a vehicle is much hard .
nice looking , very sturdy and great for serving .
this is a perfect little kitchen must have .
the charge was reported to be much better .
this one does not stay on my lenses properly .
exceptfor its cleaning brush i threw the oxo out .
i recommend this hose because o the quality .
and even that little difference is just a decal .
the voice-overs and load time will drive you nuts .
i will never order any philosophy products again .
very glad that i made the decision to purchase .
i would avoid this product like the plague .
to be fair i used the whole entire bottle .
it was part of a line of g.e .
the animals are adorable and are very well made .
amazing how tough it has become to find these .
but the zico i tried tasted nothing like coconut .
check this out before you buy another one .
i would assume it must be capable of boiling .
better than spending 14 dollars at the store .
on the pot rim itself is an indented pourer .
all of this is significantly scaled back in tp .
do not waste your time with this product .
the majority were bad out of the package .
i can stand mine on end in a cabinet .
he will toss his litter all over the bathroom .
i have samsung galaxy s2 t mobile t989 .
the bra is easy to put on though .
not to worry , no one else does either .
i was glad that lissie had mentioned it .
but do not try to use it one handed .
fits well and has stayed on the phone screen .
i only wish they covered the entire phone face .
i tried this toy with my 9-week old kitten .
it was no where near fitting my 7 lb .
large ear piece did not fit in my ear .
unfortunately , i could not find an acceptable ratio .
this item fits perfectly over the htc merge .
wish i read the reviews on this site first .
perhaps longer usage will yield even better results .
the construction seems solid and of acceptable aluminum grade .
this is a great value for the price .
most products are for dandruff caused by dry scalp .
sound was coming too low no matter what .
scoop into a coverable container and place in freezer .
a must have for these types of phones .
after a few weeks it started getting yellow .
they simply did not keep drinks warm for long .
the size and shape were exactly as advertised .
i was very happy with my last rubbermaid scraper .
it is very blingy ! she will love it .
we also purchased a hario ceramic hand mill .
i use the pro s knives from henckle .
i will be buying stainless from now on .
i gave up on these and sold them .
the only reservation for me was the price .
kept anyway to use until i find something longer .
it offers some warmth , but with great usability .
i guess i will just keep it for backup .
this is the best one i have tried .
i have otterbox on several products.thank you amazon ! .
i 'd gladly pay more for a better product .
i love the speech text and answer/ignore instructions .
this earphones sound terrible and are uncomfortable to wear .
it has been working well after the installation .
the bunn a10 that i purchased early in feb .
well , there are two more protectors to use .
the movie even came out well before the game .
that 's where the problem is.returning them right away .
few people know how to use ironware properly .
calls are crystal clear and earpiece is comfortable .
well built and should last a long time .
anyway you will not be disappointed with this product .
i have fat thighs and i know it .
nice size and are easy to hold onto .
almost all the jokes were recycled from the show .
and found it to be a pretty heavy load .
love the pink camo and the grey color .
it works great and cleans up pretty easily .
for purpose of cooling they server there intended use .
this purchase was an absolute waste of money .
in a toaster mode , it shuts it off .
just what i needed for all my baking needs .
just fyi it works even better in high elevations .
it has better sound quality and fits better .
this is the best product for brewing iced tea .
it had several large holes at the seams .
i recomend strongly to to get this knife .
in fact , we practically have one of everything .
the range is as good as any headset .
you can get better at target for $ 20 .
i made a cheese omelet that was delicious .
i only wish they made a bigger version .
vitamin d deficiency has been declared a national pandemic .
getting a signal there was always hit of miss .
i swear i was gentle on this thing .
i bought these for my desk at work .
very , very few grounds get into our coffee .
headset also paired with those easily the first time .
straight out of the box this product reeked cheap .
im a big fan of the infomercial too .
there 's no point in trying to prevent piracy .
i did not over saturate curlers or under saturate .
the product look exactly like in the picture .
that 's not a complaint considering the price though .
got this for my wife , she likes it .
functionally very good and is not a gimmic .
this tinted moisturizer is more like a liquid foundation .
she had never used a marble rolling pin .
however , i would still purchase this item again .
too strong for something i put on my face .
i would definitely recommend this to a friend .
these blade savers are high quality and reasonably priced .
this little grinder works really well for the price .
i love it and better than i expect .
and yes i do mean nothing will refill it .
bummer seiko sent me back to casio again .
i bought this for my wife 's new bold .
loved the look of them though , very attractive .
the pot set is durable and looks great .
it makes packing for trips a lot easier .
people seem to be getting a little critical .
you ca n't beat this deal for the price .
this is so true for the oxo steel line .
the gold cuisinart metal filter must be separately purchased .
i got this for my droid incredible cell phone .
otterbox defender has kept his iphone looking like new .
i have used this several times since it arrived .
i had one and purchased this for my daughter .
they really gleam , right out of the dishwasher .
skip this if you do n't like frustrating games .
it was purchased from the amazon merchant webtreo .
lastly , the knife just looks tactical and cool .
so happy to receive it sooner than i thought .
cast iron does require different upkeep than other cookware .
i am pleased with both product and supplier .
i love the easy open device on the end .
i choose 1 star because this paper is worthless .
i 've had this driveway alert for 2 years .
i just popped it in the dishwasher after .
i have n't bought a loaf in several months .
i have purchased 2 these in the past months .
the smaller feeders are simpler but work better .
fabric and construction seemed to be very good .
so i am not going to buy it again .
i purchased this product based on a cnet recommendation .
you can use for hot or cold drink .
the white pith is very bitter.~the rebecca reviewp.s .
i bought these shoes for my water aerobics class .
this was purchased for an htc evo shift .
i guess it is only good for hand watering .
this is a flat bottom wok - not round .
beans with oil sheen definitly leave more residue behind .
my water taste still a little bad after filtering .
this is the fourth one i have bought .
there is still no create a team mode .
another great quality is the odd-looking ear piece .
i find the coffee is hot for hours .
this is for the hardier consumer , taste wise .
i used this potato ricer to make gnocchi .
it makes the screen look less crisp to me .
i would not recommend this bumper to anyone .
note that there is some minor assembly required .
this is the only non-basic kitchen gadget i own .
mounts into the wall and knives stick to it .
so after lots of research i ordered sigma .
i followed instructions carefully and it did not work .
one of the most useful items in my kitchen .
i do like the size of these canisters .
this is great quality and a great price .
you wont find a better set for the money .
after a few months they stopped accepting the charge .
it works just the way it claims to work .
great color and protects my phone as should .
the other part that bothers my is the feet .
even a regular sized dinner plate can hardly fit .
3-4 minutes later i hear a sizzling sound .
so i tried this method with the evolution .
we have put these machines to the ultimate test .
this product is for the shoulders and neck .
very cheaply made , sent all four sets back .
it mixes triple batches of heavy dough effortlessly .
these are all failings that this game has .
i did n't save the box to return it .
but i will return it as a protest .
i will add one small negative thing , tho .
i ordered these before i got my phone .
that you can used to buy two new games .
i kept them because they are beautiful and useful .
the end with the slides just keeps falling apart .
over all i would rate it a 4 .
very easy to clean and would reccommend this product .
another case of you get what you pay for .
this mirror starts off great but deteriorates quickly .
would highly recommend this product and price from amazon .
called the manufacturer and they basically said too bad .
the frame rates have also taken a beating .
battery lasted longer then with the old battery .
ordered from cybermansez due to high feed back rating .
they are stuff and not comfortable at all .
i did have to buy a new sim card .
next on my list is the ice cream maker .
this is apparently a listing error by amazon .
the sphero is entertaining for anyone of any age .
it 's the perfect size & light in weight .
but i do not recommend them at all .
metroid fusion is a classic 2d side scroller adventure .
this is a great unit for washing salad .
i ca n't brush though my hair at all .
i use to slice winter veggies for roasting .
my son received this as a birthday gift .
i make sure never to let it dry on .
it remains incredibly sharp and friction free when slicing .
i have owned my kitchenaid mixer for 15 years .
does n't do much only has 3 volume settings .
this is exactly what its hyped up to be .
my old one is smaller and lighter weight .
i thought it sounded great for what i needed .
i purchased different ones for all family members .
no complaints for the price its a great buy .
i 'm convinced vacuum sealing works just as advertised .
the battery is lasting quite a while , too .
i do n't like the hard plastic ear pieces.nice .
amplifier dead after 3 months of light use .
boy was i shocked ! the flavor was awful .
i may never buy another really expensive knife again .
i do not think i will purchase any more .
do n't waste your time or money on this .
i 'm sorry i went for a cheap cuisinart .
this case is awesome but has one minor flaw .
this is the perfect table top cotton candy maker .
but once fastened securely , it serves the purpose .
all of the shears are very cheaply made .
get something that will run on your machine .
this is a great set of measuring spoons .
guy takes up 1/2 the screen -- terrible10 .
i really loved it and will use it alot .
i have these in all different sizes and shapes .
i am satisfied so far and can not complain .
everything about this game is infuriating to play .
it does not scratch up my wood floors .
this one is also a lot lighter in weight .
billy mays would have approved of this cutting board .
the white plastic top broke on two of them .
alot easier to use than the old fashioned grinder .
highly recommended for the simplicity of this device .
good style is essential to any apple design .
what a let down for my son and i .
it is durable and really is stainless steel .
one of the bad games sega had made .
absolutely nothing was clinging to the plastic cone .
no worries about if flinging off during your jog .
i mean i beat on it pulled on it .
i am so bummed i wasted money on this .
not to mention the hairs get trapped in there .
i really wanted to love this deep fryer .
nowhere near as good as the first game .
they returned the phone with the same problem .
this is a little bigger than you may expect .
we tried this first thing in the morning .
been like a yr and they 're still going .
we wound up with an x-ray bill , too .
they curl up and will not stay flat .
some test messages never arrived further discouraging use .
i got this to work with my intel nuc .
i bought mine used for $ 240 on 5/20/11 .
that 's all i have to say about that .
was replacing an older version of the same unit .
to win you pin your opponent on the floor .
same color as mine but the professional model .
several of the larger ones were significantly more expensive .
very sturdy and looks like it will last forever .
eggs come out great every time.a few downsides:1 .
it is a mobile phone headset , stereo headset .
alot of work compared to any other hammock .
i picked this up from the seller sf planet .
battle graphic is pixellated almost as the word map .
dribbles a little at spout if not careful .
these things are burning our right and left .
this one has lasted the shortest amount of time .
yeah , it was approximately 50 feet when measured .
the interior non-stick coating bubbles and peels off .
but then the headphones transmitted no sound whatsoever .
and they are not made in the usa .
you get what you pay for in this instance .
great protection- superior to commuter series in every way .
and is not as fast as the new chargers .
it kept disconnecting from his phone as well .
this comes in the box with the sb800 .
and yes , all the previous reviewers were right .
will definitely buy more from this seller when needed .
deus ex will not play on this video card .
it works perfectly for how we drink coffee .
quite frankly , we think this soup is disgusting .
i work in plastic manufacturing and understand it somewhat .
so beware and order the next larger band size .
i wo n't recommend this bag to anybody else .
i urge others to consider the same option .
bread stays fresh and is easy to use .
in the process of getting a refund through amazon .
just not a good setup compared to other brands .
also make sure to get a screen protector .
i like having the led readout for temperature .
the number of players and servers was incredible .
i have also never tried to sharpen them .
i really like this freeway speaker bluetooth speakerphone .
this is a handy battery for my galaxy s2 .
i 'm not sure if they were near expiration .
spend a little more and get something that works .
it took a good beating and always bounced back .
i hope this one lasts just as long .
i highly recommend the d-link di-624 and di-524 products .
we gave up and threw it in the trash .
and the cups seemed to be quite far apart .
the headsets work well for a short time .
large and takes up a lot of space .
i remember these from when i was a kid .
each port of this device has a 500mah output .
we 've had one of these things for year .
now , lemon-lime flavor happens to be my favorite .
it is easy to take off and out on .
i assumed that this must be a bad base .
i 'm not a knife expert by any means .
grandchildren ate cookies all weekend and loved them .
i 've been wanting this product for sooooo long .
but the case kept slipping off in my purse .
they had free support until just very recently .
i thought they might last longer than 3 months .
this would definitely come in handy in the kitchen .
it came fast and never gave me any problems .
all of the components work properly and as described .
i like it so well i ordered 2 sets .
i love this smart pen for my ipad .
but it does not smooth out the foundation .
the only negative is that it is loud .
i also purchased the otterbox defender for the atrix .
it also has a receive call button as well .
i am very happy with it so far .
i was very disappointed with the these shorts .
i have since given this device to my daughter .
like 8 elastic loops.thank you band it dishwasher loop .
any addition to protect our breathing is welcome .
without ear pain , but eventually it shows up .
for some odd reason my hand cramps terribly .
it protects the heck out of your device .
the touchscreen responds very poorly to touch inputs .
it seems to happens when i make strong coffee .
oh and do n't even mention the cake-eating storyline .
i owned 2 philips personal mp3 cd players .
get something slightly more expensive and thank yourself later .
i use to consume yeast for folic acid .
they are perfect for what i use them for .
which leads me to the awful camera angles .
i also had problems trying to click on items .
this made moving the shower curtain much easier .
i am a die hard treo 600 user .
wi-fi has to be turned off on your phone2 .
what is disturbing is its ability to clearly focus .
runs large for a mens ring as well .
my daughter always thinks the owl is a bear .
buy this , but scrub it and reseason first .
i got this based on reviews on amazon .
the sony mz-n10 seemed to be just right .
this cereal is their all-organic , gluten-free breakfast cereal .
i then tossed it in the recycle bin .
good quality product , as well as convenient packaging .
it is surpisingly large for a child-sized product .
i have no complaints about these earbuds at all .
so this is the best one to go with .
the sharpener is made from a split plastic mold .
then i bought a new win 7 pc .
i did what i could to work them out .
they sent a return label with insufficient postage .
this color would be beautiful on pale skin .
i hold amazon as responsible as the seller .
maybe it would work fine with the subscription .
the underwire will not lay flat at the clasp .
this device is in a word - awkward .
purchases for my son to use in his car .
i will not be supporting them in their trickery .
so far this pump/filter setup has worked for me .
i use it as a secondary cutting board .
i own the cuisinart 3 and 4 quart pots .
my wooden spoons are now in the trash .
lake tahoe and everyone used it and loved it .
you have to dig your finger into the hole .
these should last me a couple of years .
until i stop paying attention and cut myself .
it leaves stuff littered all over your hard drive .
i 've noticed some good things and bad things .
then bake 2-4 cookies while you prepare dinner .
they did n't work for my iphone or ipad .
i love this set beyond reason for that purpose .
my parents bought this for my son for christmas .
amazon will not take them back after 30 days .
i get a lot of compliments on it .
i have not seen amazon carry this old style .
did not resemble the color that was advertised .
they claim the sensation can not run sense 4.0 .
lots of problems and they never worked properly .
i 've taken these religiously for an entire month .
i could n't get anything approaching a quasi-clear signal .
very sharp and the blade shape makes boning easier .
i have three of these and four shoe organizers .
excellent quality for the price of only $ 2.59 .
could not exactly reach out and make the save .
they can be used for turning over anything .
the game has a quick fix player vehicles .
got my set the day after i ordered .
only cast iron actually benefits from frequent use .
the charger is very handy and working well .
i was very disappointed and had to return it .
this retinol cream did nothing for my combination skin .
you ca n't expect high quality or flattering fit .
just got the screen saver and its great .
i know because that 's what the parts dept .
and will update once that trial is done .
moving items onto the pages was very straightforward .
the standard price seems to be under 50 .
i diligently took them and finished off the bottle .
my family used moka espresso maker all the time .
there are many recipes on the internet recipe/cooking sites .
our casserole received outstanding reports and tasted delicious .
i could barely see a difference at all .
getting this thing on is definitely not easy .
it had carmelized red onion with a balsamic reduction .
use the ice sheets sold on amazon instead .
this is simply a re-make of a great game .
took as directed and did n't notice a difference .
this crap at least doubles drive line losses .
the instructions need a great deal of work .
this thing is solid glass so it feels sturdy .
does n't do the trick like the butcher can .
so i cant say it isnt worth the money .
everything sticks and it is difficult to get clean .
most do not have any brand name on them .
it has bee going strong and no issues .
i tried burr grinders and the inexpensive type grinders .
i 'll never go back to aluminum pans again .
we live in hi and my dog swims daily .
purchased these for mother with osteoarthritis and other maladies .
this case takes a long time to ship .
it 's a very versatile and handy kitchen gadget .
softens my hard water and makes tap water tasty .
the shorts are really of poor quality and small .
i should have paid more attention before i bought .
way too big and slipped off my foot .
but this game is crap , pure and simple .
i fried chicken breast using washington brand chicken breading .
the bins drop in , and are completely removable .
maybe it would take them a while longer .
it 's difficult to review a product like this .
it kind of reminded me of hair gel actually .
i 'm really impressed with the quality of them .
great price and excellent service behind the product .
the unu works perfectly and is easy to use .
but it did what it was supposed to .
i must admit this is a good product .
i am one million % satisfy with this blender .
it seriously left a very strong plant after taste .
the t-fal support represenatives were really nice , though .
calls and texting are fine , but no edge/3g/etc .
i do n't understand the point of this toy .
an attempt that in my opinion is a failure .
going to re-order since i broke a few .
i got this to go inside my sleeping bag .
having a decent turn by turn maps app .
it was shipped fast and in good shape .
this is not that good of a radio .
cord neatly stores under unit out of the way .
i got this for my daugther for her .
allows you to charge items in two usb plugs .
i would have expected greater air flow from hunter .
the instruction/recipe booklet that with the mixer is lame .
i deeply resent being cheated and lied to.buyer beware .
so far its the best case i have used .
this is the third one we have purchased .
i ordered this case because it was cheap .
this will keep the logo from getting scratched up .
i love that it has a great warranty .
so # 5 levels to big to manuever through .
two in germany and one in a secret country .
excellent built case - very rugged build quality.2 .
the sound quality was not very good either .
i like the selection of covers as well .
none of the controls are blocked by the station .
i bought these as a gift for my father .
it is no longer aligned with the turrets .
make sure you get memory chip for extra storage .
nobody that cares about eating healthy will buy these .
i felt no difference in energy or anything else .
i touch the screen and the tip dents in .
its silicone feet prevent scrapes on my countertop .
also found it extremely difficult to attach and remove .
the release nipple is on top of these .
bought this to use with my iphone 3gs .
seems to be pretty accurate based on cooking results .
it cracked the first time we used it .
after that another tine next to it bent downward .
like the longest journey or dreamfall , or syberia .
a terrific organizational tool particularly when space is limited .
but..this product did not live up to the hype .
i stopped playing it in a few months .
also the squirrel is clumsy large for little hands .
for once just admit square made a bad game .
this second is just in case , an understudy .
all in seperate sleeves , w/ screen wipe cloths .
i did not subject it to any unusual pulling .
company should check quality control on this product .
components are all good quality and look nice .
i tried a new outlet but still nothing .
it came right off and was in his mouth .
and to add to that its cheep plastic construction .
i 've had nothing but trouble with my unit .
this stuff did n't do much for my hair .
it is the third or fourth ingredient i believe .
should have just scrambled them to begin with .
this was a lot bigger than i expected .
i bought the netgear mp101 to replace it .
nice piece for a car with a compatible design .
i could have bought my dog something else instead .
i normally do two spins to be very thorough .
i highly recommend this item if you like cappuccinos .
plus light enought a stack doesnt weigh a ton .
i called motorola and they agreed to replace it .
easy to clean - as most slicers are n't .
i had the motorola sd9 then the sd9hd .
but you should not have to use this .
the unit drips on itself and eventually corrodes .
i 've used this to grind coriander as well .
the kuhn-rikon also allows less water to escape .
just be careful when using it at first ! .
i am not willing to try it again .
i find the remote a bit hard to use .
this was a christmas gift for my husband .
i originally wrote a great review for these slippers .
like i always do when i shop offline .
no problems with conductivity through the screen protector either .
the headphones look pretty good and seem pretty sharp .
it is extremely sharp and is very versatile .
i love this beautiful and impressive cake pan .
it was flimsy and had some bubbles in it .
big enough to hold a bag of flour/sugar/whatever .
everything is muted with a strong emphasis on grey .
i made a mistake when i ordered this .
extra length is a must these days.good seller to .
you can only use him as part of storymode .
it moisturizes and it certainly adheres to the skin .
you have to use click for each key .
this roaster oven is a legend in performance .
they are thick , keeps your drinks colder longer .
link looks and talks like a complete loser .
the beater bar would bog down on carpet .
i tried it once and threw the rest out .
and it has a small and large juicer size .
have not even seen the credit card bill yet .
enjoy entertaining with these dishes with family and friends .
i will keep these headsets for back up 's .
after that you have to pay a subscription .
it tends to be rather noisy on high .
it works great on my bold 9900 blackberry battery .
it was received on time and just as described .
i like this little french press coffee maker .
i just upgraded to this unit at work .
the quality screen protector was easy to install .
i thought melissa & doug had one pizza .
i am using the phone to recive sms only .
levis must have changed the fit without customers knowledge .
get this , you need a tutorial to walk .
we use it to make egg-beaters egg sandwiches .
great for a couple , small for a family .
perfect for my travels and to bring to office .
let me just say that i am not impressed .
i was soo disappointed in the watch 's looks .
board is perfectly sized to stay on my counter .
other items got stuffed in it and stuck .
liked the packaging , but the smell is awful .
i never had the bad problems that some report .
i was thrilled to have something for quick jobs .
no longer tucks in and rides up over belt .
there are a lot of other games out there .
i wish i never hit the confirm purchase button .
i was them in the dishwasher without any problems .
i would have preferred to use a u.s .
i purchased this bluetooth and it would not charge .
would not be something that i would purchase again .
oh and it says pumice but it 's not .
however it is way too big for my dog .
it was very easy patching to my iphone 4s .
plus they work great for phone calls too .
however it does just fine for that amount .
the plastic smell is quite oily and overwhelming too .
so it 's a speedy deal using this pot .
the problem was that i did n't own one .
it is perfect but the motor simply stopped .
when i take a step it flies off .
it 's inexpensive but just a bit too cheap .
needed a power source with a mini usb .
it was just what i was looking for .
not sure why some supplement companies do this .
bought this to use when camping and love it .
the holster is sturdy and holds the phone well .
this lacer is just another black color nail polish .
the breville 's just a better juicer for us .
i would n't use my big oven without it .
except when going on on formal dine or event .
i recommend that you buy two for flipping fish .
this thermometer is my first digital instant read thermometer .
bought it for my son 's sprint samsung epic .
and its got a coat of armor now lol .
the quality of the wood and finish is good .
this stuff did n't do anything for my feet .
nothing was irritating about the enemies in that game .
boring missions and your sqaud is a useless feature .
it was also a lot cheaper than the tamrac .
time to purchase another cuisinart two to go .
but it great first waffle maker we have .
it has done it 's job well for us .
it also goes through the dishwasher just fine .
i ended up throwing the case in the trash .
it works well for bakingfrozen bread and pastries .
i love my current bodum and its microwave friendliness .
mine were done in less than 5 minutes .
and it works for another day or two .
i would recommend a cover for your mixer .
i have two peelers and use them constantly .
i will not be buying this product again .
henceforth i keep the data cable with my computer .
will now look for a 4th one to purchase .
the # 2 connector did not snap in place .
most of my apps from android were on wp .
i 've used cone filters and permanent gold filters .
not sure how i feel about the product .
headphone jack slot it too small for some headphones .
takes me back to a better place in time .
tried the other one too and same thing .
the izod american chino is not worth the cost .
i get so many compliments on this pot rack .
i highly recommend this for anyone with iphone 4/4s .
even my brightest outdoor photos were not very good .
it held up well and overall a great product .
fit nicely over the slider and stayed in place .
the belt buckle is a pain as well .
i have kids 8 and 10 years old .
it snapped in half on my second trip .
we purchased similar ones for our other cars .
my son still enjoys playing angry birds on it .
i 'm so thankful i purchased 4 of these .
all of the programs load and launch ok .
the heat conducts into the pan rather poorly .
customer service from this company is also very poor .
extra care was given to the glass lids .
fits very well on the droid x i have .
well worth the money you invest in them .
i say move on and find another one .
just have someone in your household who is patient .
product is well built and i definetely would recommended .
standing still or a t highway speeds no difference .
but they are tight fitting around the foot .
clever design for use with and without stand .
i bought this is a gift for my brother .
this mouse is jittery and difficult to control .
any bug that wanted in could get in .
it has never leaked or rusted or warped .
only a baffoon would not see this coming .
i have ordered and applied many screen protectors .
but because of the quality of the product .
i took two sips and could not drink anymore .
i ordered and sent back this collar three times .
2k is better then ea becuase 2k tries .
if ihad the paper work i would return it .
please take some times to think about this .
i would imagine it would be much faster .
there is no other way to put it .
i am by no standards a particularly healthy eater .
epic story that carried through during the entire game .
too bad i did n't take that into consideration .
he eats popcorn at least once a night .
i use this product in my kitchen drawer .
i have n't cared for the cold moisture machines .
this has resulted in several rusted and ruined scissors .
old versions gave horrible performance , wired and wireless .
it was an unintentional test to corningware 's durability .
and the bottle feels like it was well manufactured .
this is definately not a necessity for a gamecube .
the pan arrived very slightly dented on one side .
i 'm returning this and ordering a different type .
my daughter kept asking if it was a snack .
i am so glad to have bought it .
in other words does not hold him at all .
it was a gift and is almost full .
in the store are 20 or 35 dollars activated .
this is so inconsistent as to be unpredictable .
sometime around 2010-11 pantene did a formula change .
this is absolutely a good value for the money .
the main tools store conveniently right on the machine .
this arrived very well packed to guard against damage .
use with flavacol salt seasoning for tastier popcorn .
i highly reccomend looking into more affordable options .
better make that the strongest you have around .
does not look big and bulky like most cases .
for the price , this is a good buy .
i am guessing it is old and rotten .
but they 're still a bit expensive per bag .
at the beginning , the hose nozzle worked fine .
nice goin greedy fool whom made these silly choices .
be careful when cleaningbut its still an awesome pan .
dry test worked fine i would hear the click .
and i could not have been any more correct .
case is cool a good look for your bar .
there was no noticeable difference in the shine .
that turned out not to be the case .
i have tried several different bluetooth head sets .
it can not be changed to a google default .
this obviously did not hold up very well .
my patton fans are 9 and 13 years old .
this it e i bought it for my brother .
bravo to amazon for standing behind their products .
these are too long and they are poly/cotton blend .
the kp did not get better with time .
it 's a bit pricey for this simple phone .
the price is great and product is great .
until then , i wont go near this stuff .
decided we hated it and gave it away .
i was very disappointed when the scarf arrived .
i have too much jewelry and hair accessories .
i wish i could get my money back .
it 's not as crunchy as a thin mint .
it is available from samsung for 5.95 i believe .
3 tb of mix is 140 mg of salt .
it does not fit in a galaxy s2 .
hope they can get the next size up .
i ordered this for my mother for her birthday .
this head piece was too bulky for my liking .
my daughter and her friends love making popcorn .
but other than that it gets the job done .
if you go cheap , you can go home .
i play t some more an hour later .
today itself i am returning it to amazon .
was convenient at times but now its useless .
if you use this daily it will not last .
it may work for the right person/right dog .
the game is near impossible even on easy difficultys .
but you are better off making your own .
i tried this vacuum for the first time today .
my friend wants to steal it from me .
nothing close to the color i was expecting .
i see it has worked for some others .
wish i didnt waste my money on it .
dont know why it has so many 4.5 stars .
there 's an unscented version and a lavender one .
definitely noticed an improvement after i used this .
it is easy to remove and cleans very well .
the screen is more vulnerable than with hard cases .
i have multiple cords all around the house .
and that tail whips around way too fast .
bormilio rocco glass items made in italy are awesome .
perfect size for a loaf of bread too .
i am using it with iphone 4s and ipad2 .
it really turned out better than i expected .
just set over the coffee cup and pour slowly .
it does n't work when the wine has dried .
the pros outweigh the cons on this one .
this time i am not happy with the purchase .
too bad , this one could have been fun .
not sure why some of the really negative reviews .
and i am looking for another one right now .
seidio would be wise to fix this flaw .
will keep buying their products in the future .
my cat would not put up with this harness .
i wear a lot of dangle and hoop earrings .
if i could send it back i would .
i have gone through three of these coolers .
i prefer a more bitter and deeper chocolate flavor .
this product in theory is a great idea .
the enclosed glass jars are heavy weight and sturdy .
tone is loud enough to hear without being obnoxious .
i was constantly having to clean my screen .
been buying these for years for our company phones .
there are sometimes watermarks or bubbles under the screen .
it will easily fit in a purse or pocket .
now i use it for all my spices .
these are my just 1st impressions on the product .
i recommend this to anyone who does canning .
it 's not one of the original melt cases .
the cord has a built in simple management system .
then bath it because its dirty or has fleas .
price was good and it was delivered on time .
it was easy to connect and was running a2dp .
train yourself to resist dressing up on vacations .
i purchased frozen and that was the worst .
food cooking around the other areas wo n't burn .
will buy again if i ever need another .
there are loads of better meters out there .
buy it ; but only if you need one .
gets all the juice out of the fruit .
there is nothing unusual or special about it .
i like the long handle for handling while hot .
bottom line , it will get the job done .
the product seems sturdy and was easy to clean .
the coffee tastes very good , strong but pleasant .
even the feel of it is easier to wield .
tricky to do and ended cracking the volume dial .
would do a replacement unless you know how to .
i will never be buying this product again .
all brita lids seem to be a problem .
do n't do it often or it will break .
season is likely a factor in fresh foods .
this product does not work on all ps2 systems .
sorry , this game sucks from an rpg stance .
so i bought these protectors , and installed them .
they also are n't kidding about not full carbonation .
i will never buy from this company again .
this time i kept a back-up saved game .
it was my first full size stand up mixer .
the only downside is cleaning up the mess .
think of this as the chevy chevette of palms .
i used this item to make cream horn .
the battery life seems to be really good too .
fantastic product which delivers the perfect night sleep .
my daughter loves all the different color cases .
i use it to sit my coffee on .
i work hard to avoid buying plastic products .
i expected them to be rubbery and pliable .
i think this is a piece of junk .
i bought these because i love the color .
i 'd much rather have bought max payne 2 .
my mini was 6-stars-cool-completly-awesome , beyond all my expectations .
you should feel very confident with your purchase .
my kids received this as a christmas present .
the protector does everything it says it will do .
i received the earrings in a plastic cover .
i used this to go to a water park .
i was disappointed and would not recommend it .
maybe it will be easier when he 's older .
will buy again when i run out of these .
this game should not require a monthly service fee .
it looks professional and is easy to use .
it makes 8 - 10 cups just fine .
none of my finches have touched this food .
it should just do what it says it does .
it feels solid and well balanced/weighted in the hand .
i would not recommend this product at all .
the icarplay worked great out of the box .
i gave it to my neighbor who has kids .
very little sludge in the bottom of the brew .
first of all i 'm not some raging halo .
got carpal tunnel cramming the meat into the mixer .
they are just not pretty to look at .
it 's too light to do anything productive with .
however it 's really really really hard to clean .
a baking stone is essential for the kitchen .
to me there are 2 types of pads .
it said to upgrade the notebook 's bluetooth software .
the weight is great and the grip comfortable .
what do you want for a few dollars ? .
there always seems to be loose dust , etc .
it is going back tomorrow for a refund .
plenty of room in the cut-outs for all buttons .
this was suppose to be a upper end bluetooth .
i am truly disappointed with this shechers product .
when it is in position , everything flows smoothly .
attempted to reset everything and try a re-install .
the port was completed less than 4 hours later .
they work perfectly together.cleaning is easiest directly after use .
so even that is no big deal for nostromo .
maybe i just need to get used to it .
in my experience these cables were not great .
i never would have known unless i tried .
this is an expensive mouse for so little benefit .
this product is excellent and works extremely well .
this is the second coffee pot we have ordered .
the light appears well machined , and well finished .
this time the plot is pretty cut and dry .
it is an awesome tool to peel potatoes with .
it 's well worth the money for those results .
one year & i 'm very happy with performance .
ridiculous copy protection = epic fail by the way .
these look really good and they protect the phone .
when i got these pants i was very disappointed .
keep doing this until you have a complete set .
the gel is quite thick and hard to spread .
this is a fantastic accessory at a fantastic price .
scalloped potatoes bake up wrapped in crusty goodness .
the box and the colors are great though ! .
they think of it as a family member .
this allows for significant warping when left lying down .
the coin purse ripped within days of getting it .
it is intermittent at best.do n't wast your money .
perfect is not too strong of a word .
it was very foamy from the carbonation it creates .
i would not recommend this headset to anyone .
a real surprise how handy these lids have been .
finally it did work with a sanyo nimh .
i returned this and ordered a different brand .
this was my first time using an opk .
hopefully accessory export would make its product more quality .
hard to apply and very hard to take off .
a neat little gadget to have in the kitchen .
i must have just overheat the motor or something .
it it big but it is so worth buying .
i assume that better digicams are not this way .
to say the least , i was not happy .
ultimately , the game is not worth the effort .
i like the cooking this dutch oven provides .
the item arrived on time and as described .
it hasnt broke and still in great shape .
but i was very disappointed with this particular set .
i was thrilled with the idea of this game .
its very bright , i will say that much .
the stuff would sit there til it rots .
so make sure you purchase one of each size .
mail it in..not by email , but regular mail .
they really got a kick out of it .
it failed to charge after the initial charge .
everything else in the room remained powered up .
maybe my hopes were too high for this mug .
easy access to the button and sounds good too .
took some chiseling to remove it.there is dust .
looks like the material wo n't last that long .
this really is too wide for most people .
i bought this product from the manufacturers website .
the cutouts are all smoothly done with no snags .
i bought this for my 9 year old .
i 've never seen a dish do that before .
this game is purely luck and walking fast .
that 's a lot of soap at one time .
very expensive , but peerless in quality and beauty .
i have been around computers for over 20 years .
as i recall it was around three dollars .
the game almost feels like no challenge at all .
french roast is typically my favorite type of roast .
will not bend under pressure with tough food .
this book is excellent for us self taught decorators .
i hate to report that it did n't work .
totally recommend this product for charging phones and ipods .
my dog is a 24 lb beagle/lab mix .
our climate is perfect for year round outdoor drying .
i got this as one of the 4-for-3 promotion .
it is somewhat watery and makes you orange .
it went into the garbage on the first try .
rcvd today 13th and used it for waffles .
testing my work , only one fan was running .
it is easy to connect to your smart phone .
i find those to be the best so far .
lasts for days , in or out of use .
this has been one of my least favorite purchases .
depending on that & my bio - wheels .
and the material was not soft at all .
this turned out 2 be one sturdy case .
this steamvac just arrived a few days ago .
long ! overly long but i should have known .
i got this one from my wedding registry .
the medium is the one i use most .
the cuts on the protectors are not align properly .
i suggest getting better/longer clips with this set .
i bought this for my father as a gift .
this thing will suck dirt up from china .
i use it mostly to grind flax seeds .
its a great color and love the bling .
works well , pricey but what isnt these days .
this has happened to me 3 times total .
two hits from them was enough to kill me .
mine are in the trash where they belong .
just tried these for the first time today .
it feels smooth and sturdy to the touch .
these are hard to apply to the phone .
washed in the dishwasher , came out just fine .
this is especially true while its in your ear.3 .
it is still the nice soft touch rubber texture .
all very strange with a interesting lead character .
the original looked as if it were faded .
the 1 quart size is perfect for my needs .
i did not like this litter at all .
in the end , i chose the waring pcj218 .
certain people in my household tend to drop dishes .
bought it for my wife and sent it back .
once it stretches out a bit it fits everything .
this is a very professional piece of equipment .
i didnt want my bf around too close .
that come with skin exposure to the sun .
the product itself is worth all of $ 1.99 .
newfoundland about 5 cups of blue per day .
maybe it is a preventer instead of a cure .
i purchased this item based on the reviews .
the sound is nice and clear and amplified .
sound quality - they were okay.would not recommend these .
i was surprised at how small the unit is .
my coworkers are laughing and concurring as we speak .
fine item if you have odd size pan .
when you are eating it you feel so healthy .
i got these markers for my 18 month old .
now i need to get some bubble bath supplies .
only works for a book that already lies flat .
roast at high heat ~375-400'f for about 15-20 minutes .
will buy again if ever i need more .
the case does n't fit snuggly on my phone .
but it has a nasty habit of falling overeasily .
i think i should stick to more matte primers .
i have cut back on sugar a lot .
again , i would only buy this having prime .
the seams are beginning to pop at multiple points .
this is the first wusthof knife i 've owned .
bought the usb cable for my evo 4g .
today my daughter borrowed them to bake mini cakes .
i guess some people have better luck with it .
incredibly disappointed with both the product and amazon .
beer fermenter will yield 16 of the 16 oz .
if i could i would give this 1.5 stars .
this was my first experience with a mega-changer .
arm and hammer was the same way for me .
it is the best knife i have owned .
it is very stylish and i received many compliments .
the handle is solid and a good weight .
very dangerous and we would not buy these again .
i purchased this to repair a broken screen .
i bought the mr814v2 abotu 2 months ago .
xl just would n't fit on me at all .
this stuck to every inch of my crust .
the actual piece blocked the sensor right above it .
my two cats were not impressed with these .
very sturdy and functional , would happily buy again .
i brought this as a back up phone .
i read the reviews that warned about the measurements .
the rubberized case is easy and nice to hold .
now brand has historically been a bargain brand .
generally , we like sound quality and ear fit .
a complete waste of money in my opinion .
clean-up seems to be fairly easy as well .
it never has time to sit in the drawer .
he immediately mellowed out when i put it on .
it just makes a mess on the floor .
the coffee smells more like chocolate than it tastes .
prince of persia should not be one of them .
this game does have nice graphics and sound .
it 's really unfair and exploits their fan base .
collect all 5 colors and win the game .
we have had a holmes air purifier for years .
it 's for transport - not use while hiking .
chop and dice your way through fresh vegetables easily .
on the plus side , it does look good .
even when i put the game on easy mode .
ours is a family of avid board gamers .
this is the one for all my phones .
they are truly gentle on the skin.do not recommend .
and still i had pieces in my cocktail.3 .
my dog does n't react to it at all .
they were very quick to reply and react .
when the chinese bought-out levi strauss & co .
should last a good part of the day .
sorry to say some how he broke the thing .
my first option was this or the otterbox .
i read the description and i love jasmine .
would recommend it for any & all pizza lovers .
these are simple chopsticks that work very well .
terrier mutt mix who is a professional escape artist .
highly recommended , excellent quality from a great manufacturer .
i look for excuses to get out my dyson .
it is balanced and glides through the meat .
the monkey head and squeaker lasted about 10 mins .
it wiggled in place but did not scoot anywhere .
you see i ordered lots of filters as well .
it was bland and the texture was too hard .
touch screen keyboards have been around for ever .
i bought mine after all the rave reviews .
at least you still know my phone is white .
it also looks good on the kitchen counter .
yesterday i took the bike out for a ride .
do n't like the taste of the steel carafe .
you ca n't get too excited about vacuum bags .
you can only get about 8 serious ships together .
i was disappointed in how cheap this product is .
the iphone is so sleek it slips every where .
the probe is curved for easy manipulating and insertion.4 .
he tends to not drop these as much .
it is absolutely similar with the first diablo .
the only difficult part to wash is the strainer .
i actually think this makes my skin blotchier/reddier .
i have a jensen brand 300 watt inverter .
they clean up easily and store in little space .
i looks great and it even feels cool .
but for whatever reason the odor control is horrible .
i have used these since we became droid owners .
perhaps in a different car it may work better .
much easier to get on than these things .
but reholstering should never have to be done quickly .
the box of ghiradelli masterpieces contained nine chocolates .
these are very pretty but are not comfy .
the basic animal is good enough to sell it .
the cakes just glide right out of the pans .
but its stayed on and it works great .
good service would purchase again and plan to .
it only was on a 200 watt amp .
those two along are ahead of the iphone .
bought one of the original platronics headsets years ago .
i only wished it had an output connection .
i wish i would have bought another set .
she is the cat that luvs meow mix .
obviously made in the usa means nothing these days .
it was thinner than i had ever seen before .
my daughter received this as a 1st birthday present .
this gets any residual moisture out of the pan .
i have used several sharpeners in the past .
after reading reviews on amazon , selected this one .
i am very happy with this new pan .
the things that earned the 4 star rating.pros*quiet motor .
where i got them from seemed to play role .
even prettier that what you see in the picture .
this toy is very disappointing and not very educational .
the crock seems heavy enough to bake in .
coffee machine that appears to have good reviews .
no paper filter or plastic body to worry about .
this was the worst product i have ever used .
looking forward to using it on turkey day ! .
the sound quality is pretty good with little distortion .
they need to bend midway up the boot .
my tv only has a coaxial and a svideo .
i tried to unplug it and replug it .
the bags are listed as 18x14x4 inches in size .
the issue is the type of phone you own .
i expected some pain relief but got none .
they hang straight and look fine for work .
although not sure they are from the same seller .
the charcoal pre-filter lasts a long time as well .
in a few hours though it got pretty oily .
is already out , prey is coming out soon .
this product does an excellant job on bacon .
no battery to wear out and have to replace .
tongue pockets are not one size fits all .
maybe my aches and pains are n't caused arthritis .
this definitely keeps the coffee hot all day .
i had to manually download it and install it .
it is small and light , which is great .
so sorry it did not work for me .
this is basically a 2 for 1 deal .
they attach quickly and easily and they stay .
like my nails had pushed tiny ripples into it .
its just not worth the $ 20 i spent .
i like the case it will do for now .
i bought this to replace an older charger .
i especially like to use this for making guacamole .
purchased this to keep my coffee pot hot .
first got turned onto these bars at starbucks .
so , back this device has gone to amazon .
they make quick work of trimming fat from foods .
quality of the metal and finish is excellent .
i am using it for my reef tank .
it tenuously closes and can easily slide back open .
they have truly refined their design and production process .
so far we are very happy with this product .
this one has the best of both worlds .
the cake rises nicely , better than non-stick pans .
i also thought i was getting a pair .
what i received was completely different than the picture .
surprisingly snug on the sides for the touch .
this product is well made and very sturdy .
i initially purchased the smaller sibling of this rackj.k .
can be used for all sorts of baking .
i might try the next shade medium deep .
this roaster is light and easy to clean .
i wanted the sizing of aaa and received aa .
openeing cans and jars has always been a hassle .
bought 2 but i just use one so far .
not even close ! these are very cheaply made .
19 days later and still no cat litter .
fifteen minutes later you have a chilled beer mug .
at first it stung a bit but not bad .
the puzzles were just stupid.here is an example .
not good for long time companies like hanes .
the white rice it cooked was very good .
this is a very stylish case for my phone .
no or very low volume in one ear .
amazon was extremely helpful in arranging a return .
but not a reason not to buy it .
i ca n't see how it will fit 14 .
it heats fast and is very efficient in heating .
but on the plus side - cheap and sturdy .
thank goodness i received this as a hand-me-down .
they give you a cleaning cloth with it .
but other than that i love the gadget .
they are filled with lots and lots of calories .
he brewed using a cheap 5 cup mr .
i would recommend this product to friends and family .
it was too small and does not fit well .
i 've ordered a sony reader directly from sony .
they completey destroyed the customization system in this game .
easy to use and very inexpensive compared to others .
i 'm guessing the silicone acts as an insulator .
thinking about buying one of these for home .
it makes it very easy to use garlic .
the breville is a much more useful machine .
you can use only one bud at a time .
so far this press is working pretty good .
this is a great tool for any baker/cook .
maybe some day that would be a possibility .
could not have gotten a better space saver .
nowhere did it say that when i bought it .
have jack lalane and this is so much better .
this is the perfect size to use for sides .
very easy to clean out with wet paper towell .
much easier and cleaner than without a lid .
my first died after years of heavy use .
not recommended for any sort of repeat use .
they arrived within a week and they work great .
this stuff just gooped up on it 's own .
i also have some random disconnects with my blackberry .
i got this as a gift to my sister .
i do have a slight complaint about it .
thinking i should buy one more for travel .
this one seems to be free of that defect .
this is not recognizable as far as ingredients .
they are made of very good quality plastic .
amazon and an actual store - same result .
hard to replace it when its still working .
the idea behind this product is a good one .
you ca n't beat the price on this charger .
the first slow cooker i received was obviously damaged .
i am very impressed with this grinder so far .
the tomato sauce appears to nullify the bitterness somehow .
even a couple of inveterate handgrabbers have used them .
and not the most pocket friendly case either .
this bag is ideal if you need minimal things .
i like this style of shoe for work .
we use it everyday , many times a day .
seems sturdy enough to keep pressurized over time .
there was debris and bubbles already on these .
my wife and i would highly recommend it .
sheldon cooper 's sexy neighbor on the big bang .
want to listen to fm go get the remote .
i think the bowl is a good size .
i honestly forget its in when i 'm driving .
i tried out several pans before making a decision .
easy enough for children to use and clean up .
have used it for more than just eggs .
i was going to try living with this .
it ships with an 8 gb microsd card .
got this to replace my wife 's original ob .
i end up cleaning this almost every day .
the company never did get back with me .
best scren protector for sensation out at the moment .
this bigger size holds plenty for a meal .
the hoover f4300 floormax supreme i ordered dec .
the package also contains a sheet of instructions .
permanent filter and stainless steel mug with plastic interior .
but i could n't expect more for the price .
its battery can not be replace what so ever .
i am a big fan of reconditioned units .
but other than that gets the job done .
nutritionally , they are nothing to write home about .
not that this is not without its uses .
i quickly read the directions and assembled the machine .
this is a very fine stainless steel coffee mug .
i just wish it had the angled connection .
ice seems to keep longer also in drinks .
it is not suitable for sensitive and dry skin .
does almost everything well and looks good doing it .
i can never use this , especially under makeup .
best case out there for an extended battery .
it cleaned up really easy and it worked great .
i can actually whisper and it picks up .
i figured i had just got a lemon .
we usually do fine with a 10 cup pot .
my ice cream is ready in about 12-13 minutes .
and i noticed my bangs were awfully dark .
the game actually somehow still comes across as fun .
i have to put it outside at night .
it never had broken pieces , just stopped working .
from the start , this machine screamed at me .
this is my first time trying this brand .
we 've replaced the ps3 and same error again .
only works on iphones but does not charge ipads .
this one is being used at least weekly .
the track falls apart at the tiniest nudge .
i do n't think this lotion is make-up friendly .
looked for a long time before i found this .
after about 4 months my battery started to decline .
puchased this due to the popularity here on amazon .
it is the perfect size for his apartment .
i really an happy with these small metal shelves .
easy to swallow & same 100mg per capsule .
i have used it everyday since it arrived .
and then as a canner to preserve the food .
i sit there driving around bored the whole time .
it gets chilly , even in the early fall .
isolyze comes in 4 or 5 different flavors .
its heavy and large , with firm wood handles .
this product at amazon has the highest review .
not to mention i live near a cellular tower .
the dvd player is now in the trash .
there is no noticable voice lag with movies/tv .
seabreeze replaced the mounting piece after a phone call .
this is the first oxo product to disappoint me .
leather seems good and the price is cheap .
these were perfect for what i ended them for .
i would love to see them do so .
its not fun and its nothing like before .
i bought this corkscrew in aug'08 from amazon .
the controls and the camera angles are terrible .
we purchased the luna ball after reading the reviews .
i 'm kicking myself for not reading the reviews .
even my kids with smaller heads said so.3 .
first let me say i absolutely adore this case .
griddle does all it should with no fuss .
its true ! all cardboard even the end caps .
then just plug in your cable and usb device .
probably not the right thing i have found out .
this turkey jerky is really bad quality jerky .
this will be in the return mail tomorrow .
i sell phones for a living with walmart wireless .
the ear cushions fit perfectly on the px100 .
my sister has one and it works great .
but the 10000 battery would not stay on .
i was so happy i bought 2 sets .
the are made out of the cheapest of materials .
i lose calls in transit and while sitting still .
i love the smaller size of this platter .
i would advise you purchase american made items .
it os just okay nothing out of ordinary .
i had to cut the smaller one to size .
the plug in one has a 1-10 pressure adjuster .
i know lots of people love this timer .
btw , try to find out their warranty period .
my hair is pretty dry and becomes frizzy easily .
had it retested and same thing- leaks gas .
these are wired headphones and do n't have bluetooth .
i had to buy something tougher for him .
popcorn is such a cheap and filling snack .
it still looks great on the counter too .
we 've had this 6 weeks and our mr .
i wear a size 10m but these are narrow .
this is really worth your time and $ $ .
after my purchase , the price went down considerable .
users can be glad these come in a 5-pack .
try doing that with a 5-6 trains-long train .
all emulsified fish oil have the same characteristics .
i do not have a full size oven .
the product look just like it was advertised .
this product is essentially ground up pepper ingredients .
it was either the zojirushi or the panasonic .
wheat and other things are bad for his/her gut .
i like them so much i may order more .
the dialogue in the game is rather good imo .
there is good quality sound and very clear reception .
whole point is to begin using more secure wpa-psk .
the pockets are also very deep which is convenient .
it clamps it perfectly for my bike rides .
i use the product at least twice weekly .
still a very worthwhile item for big jobs .
i went to charge my ipod when the battery .
i gave it 15 minutes at 15 lbs .
but i do n't like this game at all .
this case is actually really good and strong .
the bottle i received is different from the photo .
i used whole milk and no milk powder .
a vacuum should last at least 5 years .
everyone usually has a usb connection of some sort .
it is an eventual process but it will occur .
still acceptable and i 'm glad i have it .
really poor planning on majestic pet products part .
we got ours real fast but real broken .
i had the same problem with another glamorise bra .
this battery was causing my phone to overheat .
i thought this shipment was going to work .
for 2 weeks , i sporadically checked this feeder .
not much more to say about the product .
i received this camera new the other day .
have n't tried the various ways to wear it .
the oil soaked through them and onto my furniture .
i wish i had 10 of these things .
the problem is with the shape of the sling .
i use the bottom of the measuring cup .
they need good puzzles and a good plot .
wood resists water less than plastic over time .
i was even late to school because of it .
the shoe does not run true to size .
my phone is clearly visible and within easy reach .
to hit 6 buttons to bodyslam is insane .
this is a great microwave for the money .
after a bit , the lag finally catches up .
this is a product i could not ever dowithout .
quality control is sacrificed on the cheaper models .
too liquid and it goes everywhere during the application .
also good at boiling soup at precise temperature .
personally i prefer more tactics in my gameplay .
the outer cocoa layer was somewhat bitter , too .
it was more then what it looked like online .
brewing with a french press is simple and easy .
my most recent purchase was two years ago .
i am not unhappy about my purchase though .
not a thing needed adjusting on either of mine .
i bought these for my chesapeake bay retriever .
i like this little pot and use it frequently .
it is very easy to use and wash .
not a problem , unless you wanted their weapon .
my dog is really good at destroying anything .
okay only if you are in love with crayons .
the chunks inside the drink to not help either .
huge thumbs great vendor.easy to use and pair .
first , the sizing seems to be way off .
time and money wasted on my end again .
they all showed it working flawlessly , every time .
i tossed it into the trash a week later .
i guess my toddler sat in it too much .
i will keep buying my batteries from them .
however , it has an auto feed line dispenser .
i bought this quite a long time ago .
i just let them soak a few minutes .
they are easy to grip and hold on to .
you must feel the power of the blend ! .
so i started to look into popcorn options .
they claimed the speaker bought out lifelike human voice .
much heavier than i thought it would be .
and this medium was clearly made for a parakeet .
so my gripe with this toy is rather personal .
i bought this slicer second hand for $ 15 .
the controls are conveniently placed and work great .
the non-stick surface seems nicer than the gf grill .
after 15 minutes , it was a choppy mess .
perhaps it was the falcon an not the deluxe .
i 'll definitly purchase another when this one dies .
no one in my household likes it either .
in fact , i baked my own wedding cake .
it is perfectly accurate every time i use it .
he just got back from his dental yesterday .
the cutter feels extremely sturdy and has several adapters .
rarely am i ever this satisfied with a product .
you are better off buying a wall tap .
it looks nice and is a great conversation piece .
load is about all i would ever need .
i ordered and found out it did n't fit .
final fantasy x puts the enjoyment to total extinction .
i like the belt loop and clip-on options .
i dont even look at e-mail with that one .
this thing is an accident waiting to happen .
my second batch was the cuisinart recipe for vanilla .
this phone leverages all of it very well .
my little dog was able to almost shred it .
i 've had this case for over a year .
it froze up and the manual reset did nothing .
this actually hurts my back instead of helping .
jammed a few times but got through it ok .
i love watching guests trying to figure it out .
wash both under running water and let dry .
i have one of these and it 's excellent .
also helps with picking up dough from countertop .
the keyboard will only satisfy you for a year .
perfect for rocking out while cleaning the house ! .
it really is a great addition to my machine .
pathetic.april 11 , 2012 - sent two more emails .
i will not use this formula ever again .
will just move on to another company 's cord .
they are thinner than some chino 's i have .
for flatter feet , they may do the trick .
i think that i prefer a slightly longer blade .
as simple and straight forward as it looks .
handy to have when the power is out .
it 's simple to use and feels very sturdy .
ripped the second i put something in it .
if you want a case to be a case .
this is a huge annoyance and defeats the purpose .
i finally stepped up and got excellent knives .
but it does come in the mail quickly .
this item served the purpose it was bought for .
the stick seemed very non responsive at times .
not like any other brown rice in the supermarket .
these are good in terms of protein and fiber .
it kind of comes out in a splurt .
i would recommend it to friends for sure .
this is the third pair i have had .
we turned the garage into an office/studio in october .
it looks great and makes good toast as well .
it 's sturdy and safe on the furniture surfaces .
i just returned from a trip to nyc .
i guess this product is not for everyone .
this temporarily satisfies the craving.for a grilled hot dog .
great for chopping smaller amount of veggies and stuff .
i have a solution that will cost you money .
the main one which needs it loved it .
just a bunch of excused from this company .
the floral notes are way to strong for me .
having said that i will help with application instructions .
one is that there is no real on/off switch .
i bought another breand name for $ 4.00 less .
buy one from a well known arms manufacturer .
so i could make a long loaf shape .
this is an utter failure as a product .
got a pair of the carhartt dungaree flannel jeans .
it is easy to use and works well .
she 's had it for about 2 months now .
my $ 19 labtec cam takes far better pictures .
i received it today and it does n't charge .
it will look fantastic , feel and smell fantastic .
for the price you ca n't beat these headphones .
but the really nice aspect is the carafe .
from the reviews i read i was expecting more .
that should be the new name of this series .
this is hands down the easiest and the best .
the product is thick but not creamy or moisturizing .
something like icy hot is much more effective .
amazon does it again , great product and price .
shipping was on time and fits the phone well .
it opens bottles with the greatest of ease .
for the price though i recomment this product .
i love how easy this holds onto my phone .
i am going to buy another one very soon .
i 'd say more like at least 1/2 hour .
this was definitely the best bargain i 've gotten .
i ordered the assorted and received all black .
they will do nothing more than take your money .
brought it back , and it was the same .
works better than some of the more expensive cases .
look for substance and real quality and fair prices .
note that i never put this in the dishwasher .
flip it open & it turns back on .
clinique makes a better color correcting cc type cream .
along came hurricane sandy-and no power for three days .
maybe they should have stuck to making routers .
it 's a waste of money & time.too bad .
the analog buttons are placed in the worst spots .
the only detraction is the auto-shutoff after 2 hours .
for this poor quality , it was waaaay overpriced .
well , maybe the sweetness until it grew tepid .
it made my bathroom feel like a caribbean get-a-way .
it 's a much better vacuum than the dyson .
this save a lot of time and hassle .
i 've owned this board for a year now .
i would suggest the buyer save there money .
high amp goodness , it charges like a dream .
i always wash and dry this by hand .
keeping all the pieces together was a part-time job .
this pitcher looks very nice and filters water well .
this has to be the best thermometer for meat .
this jacket did not meet my expectations at all .
my first model was made in the usa .
the whisk is most helpful and works well .
it has been a great solution to my problem .
i have yet to find any place that does .
spend a little more and get some better protectors .
its pyrex brand so you know its good .
i 've been a netgear fan for several years .
this model replaced the older analog instant read thermometer .
lightweight but durable enough for every day use .
zero defects , arrived pre-seasoned and ready to go .
they sent me a ups prepaid shipping label .
or it starts strobing after loading the new area .
once the dough gets thinner , it works better .
but in any case they are highly recommended .
i 'd give it zero stars if i could .
i have used the fm transmitter a few times .
i also enjoy the fluidity of the bowflex .
my machine is new and video card first rate .
very good , compact wallet for apple iphone 4 .
they even thanked me for contacting fhi heat first .
i 've been using this silpat for years now .
this review is to advise of a packing issue .
the shawl itself looked fine for a formal wedding .
the best hair growth was on my face .
far less mess than pouring into a blender .
great concept- but the toy needs a redo ! .
bought sense is better than any , they say .
the same comments as other revere products applies .
they now have a good selection of android phones .
i can do organic , i usually prefer it .
i own several cuisinart products and like them all .
it works as advertised and we enjoy using it .
wilton nonstick cooling rack , 14-1/2 x 20 inch .
our bagels are not burned on one side .
i will keep it since it is easy storage .
but it 's just too confusing as a game .
it had scratches on it and certainly looked used .
my husband blanched till he tried the breads .
this is the second one i have used .
she loved them so i ordered 4 more .
i bought another to give as a gift .
i only charge it about once a week .
the camera is just awful to be honest .
the zippers go the wrong direction on the pockets .
was hoping this would take care of a uti .
it stores away because the rods are removable .
it charges when it needs to and works great .
sony makes problem ridden hardware and is struggling .
the picture shows a 1911 in the case .
i am clumsy and this works for me .
these cashews are almost in the inedible range .
i see many uses for this pan , e.g .
already saved my phone from a nasty drop .
once it was pulled out it would not retract .
get it hot & dry but not too fast .
great glitter cases for such a cheap price .
they can also be used in spring rolls/egg rolls .
only tighten skin coz they make skin dry ! .
it also says not to start and stop .
they also slowed down my touch screen response .
unfortunately , this one was not exactly the same .
it tastes exactly like what it is fake tea .
i recommend the ambootia tea estate 's darjeeling green .
i have had this item for months now .
for the price , i did not expect much .
very happy with this purchase and the seller .
it fits perfectly on my bionic with extended battery .
the lights indicating remaining power are too bright .
i ca n't believe this is what they gave .
it would have probably lasted a very short time .
western style long grain rice works well too .
the plates can run through the dishwasher without damage .
add some chopped pecans for extra crunch.highly recommended .
who would put this on a 500 cell phone .
i have very thick 3c , 4a curly hair .
this week i am on my third battery .
replaced an old broken coffee maker with this .
it just needs a little bit of modifications .
this peeler is very sharp and peels well .
but i feel like i can do better .
getting the corkscrew to go in is no problem .
the more i took , the worse i got .
the dialouge is also very dry and foolishly written .
a problem - you forget it is there .
bought this machine after our gevalia gave out .
i just put this on my wifes iphone 4s .
this is my 2nd one that i have bought .
plus i rather prefer pound-type cakes to fluffier ones .
not like putting hot coffee over ice cubes .
i cook everything from vegetables , eggs and meat .
unfortunately one glass came chipped from the top .
two things i absolutely love about this little chopper .
brand new.ping pals did n't even hit that low .
this is a plus for the most part.2 .
i have been baking for over 40 years .
some of the cheap ones are just awful .
i got this pair to replace my bluefox headphones .
and it 's all over my nails and skin .
all my setup issues were cause by my isp .
other than that , the cube seems the same .
you depress the button again to stop the charge .
i usually use the krusteaz belgian waffle mix .
the clip on the back is well made .
cheap made and hardly any sound to the vacuum .
my family has used this cooker for 10 years .
the headphones are really heavy on your ears .
so far battery life is great as well .
easy to sharpen , but donesnt need it often .
buy larger than your actual size as well .
this is only an ok shampoo + conditioner .
may it last as long as the old one .
i applied this product overnight to dry a spot .
its a little heavier to the previous design .
also i do n't think feeder is particularly photogenic .
i have had to replace three under warranty .
i recommend staying far away from this kettle .
cheaply constructed and designed with no thought to ergonomics .
there is no phone number on their site .
it should be outside.we have both inputs hooked up .
i read many reviews on several tumbler brands .
i do hang it in my closet right now .
i can not synch my ipod with this .
it is a good product and i recommend it .
pay a little more for a real one .
very easy to put on , no bubbles whatsoever .
works well , looks good and not too heavy .
this headphone just makes koss look and sound bad .
my experience is like some of the bad ones .
this is the worse case i 've ever bought .
i really want you to avoid this game .
nice looks & fits in superbly as well .
i use this more often than i bag foods .
this turntable works well and seems well constructed .
overall i am very disappointed with this drink stick .
a pair of heat resistant gloves and elastic ties .
these are very handy for both soup and coffee .
my first smartphone 18 months ago was android 2.3 .
i found it on amazon and went for it .
you sent me a pitcher with a red top .
you can have 2 different devices in memory paired .
this iron left my hair feeling dry and brittle .
this was the worst ice pack i ever used .
my daughter got this as a birthday present .
i go for comfort when it comes to headsets .
this documentation and labeling need to include a warning .
also , the lid handle does not stay cool .
this takes some time to get used to.4 .
i did a lot of research before buying one .
so thought these would be great for lights .
i downloaded bluetooth and many other newer drivers .
one earpiece just quit working all of a sudden .
my only problem with this press is its name .
did not work out that way at all .
i have had mine ( 4 cup version i.e .
fits the epic very well and very durable .
removed , tried in another computer - same problem .
i have one of those electric famous person grills .
i live in a household with two cats .
fat is necessary to maintain elasticity in our arteries .
this ladle/large spoon dish looks lovely in our kitchen .
easily worth five times what i paid for it .
the bay doors are hinged but they click open .
works for me and would order it again .
the bag was nice but just did n't last .
loved this while it was working on phone .
i tried for several days and still nothing .
no complaints and my wife loves the color .
i do n't recommend you to buy this item .
but better than a broom and dust pan .
this model is easy to use and clean .
but so far this knife has been great .
it 's easy to clean.the disadvantages to consider are:1 .
most likely because the level it is at .
the cassettes sound like they are in slow motion .
the bladesafe protects and can not come off accidentally .
i had trouble getting it out of my hair .
better yet it protects the blades and protects fingers .
it 's not too bulky but has great durability .
when i contacted the seller they little help .
not only does cast iron cook the best .
this unit was high on a consumer ratings website .
have had this pan for over a year .
you can turn the digital zoom off permanently.8 .
the bottom mat is positioned under the hickory rails .
it makes some of my cooking so much easier .
if you overstuff it it will not spin correctly .
a big , brooding high quality skillet with attitude .
not that special of a thing for me .
these are easy to read and clean up .
my old favorite peeler had to be replaced .
i love the shoe and the feel and fit .
this is a great product and i love it .
i am so glad i purchased this garlic press .
the slots do n't change the sound at all .
this did n't work out so well for me .
go ahead , give her one for her birthday .
great for single person who enjoys fresh bread .
aimed right from the side of the bed .
i purchased these to replace my original ones .
the decaf is so much better to me .
it is very comfortable and lighter than it looks .
in my order i requested a new dryer .
this works the same straight out of the shower .
overtime , my older grinder lid edges chipped away .
i am sending mine to a trash bin ! .
it 's not worth the trouble to return it .
i 'll stick to my maybelline concealer for now .
seems durable plus its a life time free replacement .
i purchased a sony dsc-f828 as a second camera .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
iodex is becoming both increasingly scarce and expensive .
i used this battery for about 6 weeks .
i normally take an x-large in most products .
i have had every generation of this remington .
the lid helps keep things fresh in the frigerator .
you ca n't possibly use this for anything small .
product is great and fits the 3gs perfectly .
note that it is stick resistant and not non-stick .
some of the plastic edges must have been sharp .
i 've had greater success with crystal light flavorings .
i think the popper is our favorite piece .
spend a bit more , get a better model .
i regularly go 2 days before charges now .
do yourself a favor and dont buy this .
just tap one when and you go straight there .
amazon was good and i was able to return .
these were very expensive when they first came out .
so my family is nuts about whirley pop .
i bought this float for my 13 month old .
took it off that very day oh well .
invest in quality and stay away from this thing .
this is the best mesh strainer i have .
its small size is too convenient to complain .
it works extremely well and is very convienient .
this is a fragrance oil , not essential oil .
these are the size for an adult 's fingers .
i still wish it was only about 5.00 ! .
it did always go in an oval though .
tversity unfortunately required me to boot up windows xp .
sometimes my bag needs a little more space .
perfect for those who need 2 usb charging ports .
open carefully and handle the zippers with care .
i am glad i received my order today .
nope , no trace of pomegranate flavor is perceptible .
this is a piece of a ca-ca doo doo .
i can be proud to display it anytime .
i wish i could get my money back .
this gloss was runny and way too much glitter .
i like my coffee stronger.and the price was excellent .
all you need is stiff brush and hot water .
the buttons actually feel better with this case on .
i know the cuisinart name & their products .
definitely a good buy before you break your screen .
i purchased this one for the second/ hall bath .
i bought a nearly identical pounder from miu france .
lawyer should make a case out of this product .
i am so happy to have this item .
indeed , the noise cancellation feature works very well .
you can not beat these trays for picky eaters .
then these might work for a trip or two .
this is a great knife for the price .
she was already pulling up and cruising on furniture .
except it does n't work as well as that .
this unit provides a great amount of steam .
i 'm very pleased with my roma food mill .
waring makes great blenders and this one is exceptional .
not hard to use and easy to clean .
on a metal bowl if it did n't work .
that works fine but the battery packs are horrible .
i think this is the 10th bag i bought .
i pretreated the worst stains withwoolite pet stain .
most bluetooth these days are behind the neck .
this is good quality - sturdy and well-balanced .
there is no reason this should have happened .
this one is scary but it happened to me .
to me it tastes like salty cough syrup .
i see more pieces coming in my future ! .
i like how it feels while using it .
it is safe with the quick release cord .
if i could give it 0 stars i would .
ca n't say enough good things about this machine .
this is not an owi brand robotic as advertised .
if toys are too hard the children tune out .
this is a common mistake on this machine .
i have ordered 4 of these so far .
not much scenery and not much to discover .
it starts to get bothersome after a while .
irritated i bought the holster and magazine pouch .
we leave it on longer than the minutes suggested .
the cover is also very hard to take off .
i do not recommend this pyrex measuring cup .
for the ridiculous price i truly wasted my money .
the handle makes it easier to cut the dough .
i may make them tomorrow after writing this review .
farberware continues to be a superb cookware product .
it is extremely sturdy and easy to use .
i would love if it had a front also .
ordered three of these so far , excellent product .
one of my fav things in my kitchen .
i guess you get what you pay for .
my tea maker is a few years old .
i find i like the sandwich crust option best .
it finally wore out even tho it was aluminum .
i was a perfect fit and very durable .
my dog is 60 lbs and i bought xl .
i wish amazon would list all the ingredients .
i ran duke 3d and it worked perfectly .
i will be throwing it in the trash .
very good quality and the price is amazing .
did not like the fit of these shorts .
bunn has it at their on line store .
great job and i would recommend this product highly .
i am a big fan of dove beauty bars .
so it started to tears where the seams are .
this is the most essential gadget to my cooking .
the entire unit is solid and nicely constructed .
perhaps i did n't understand what i was buying .
i have about an inch extra in the length .
large oversized box with small set of contents.4 .
amazon did their part and gave me a refund .
as for projection goes - 40-45 min max .
this was not what i expected from kong .
she has a nexus 7 which she loves .
my ankles hurt after about 10 minutes of wear .
i now have a rather pricey paper weight .
it is ruggedly made and very well designed .
i bought 2 and am glad i did .
i cranked out 12 waffles with no trouble .
wanted to use for special occasions and holidays .
this case fits like a glove and works well .
i 'm so glad i tried this before committing .
the juicer gets it all out in seconds .
there are six buttons for children to press .
much better than the handheld sharpeners that i used .
the trash bin is the only safe alternative .
all of them are as bad as one another .
the plastic attachment clippers seem a little cheap though .
the only positive about this doll is the pacifier .
the only thing new is the plastic cover .
even if you are just cooking for yourself.2 .
this alone would n't invoke such an awful rating .
also , i found them to be very sheer .
none the less i 'm happy with my purchase .
i have had this charger for one week .
you ca n't beat the corelle name or reputation .
wore them once and the toe has come apart .
lineage 2 is the newest fantasy mmorpg ( i.e .
a female-oriented one , based on the old one .
so why the missing star , it is small .
needs to be level for digital to work .
it does not work on the android touchscreens .
this is my only complaint about the product .
it was no more stable but less reliable .
it says it 's compatible with all motorola handsets .
this does not fit the 15 '' macbook pro .
so i went and bought myself one on amazon .
oven temperature 70 degrees less than rated temp .
this is a great case for the price .
the charge actually does charge pretty quickly as well .
it does not open or close at all .
i bought several different types of these kitchen tools .
since then , the other three started leaking also .
it was made for hard floors and area rugs .
well the 4e is not a 4e anymore .
loves this lifter very sturdy and well made .
i found a much better deal at costco .
this mascara runs within an hour after applying .
once with marinade and once with dry seasoning .
it would be messy and certainly not healthy .
i already have a brownie pan that i love .
this is the 2nd mr coffee we owned .
when it came in i was so excited .
i have absolutely no complaints about this vacuum .
i also know what notes are in each chord .
come washing time this is a potential problem .
this knife should never have left the factory .
but i wo n't be writing any love sonnets .
16 lemon halves later , i was *not happy* .
just keep it clean and it works great .
this worked perfectly for a high school cooking club .
it was attractive til the shriveling started though .
some applications suddenly admit they can work as widgets .
so maybe it was an entire lemon tree.not pleased .
this thing works great but is small so beware .
leaves very few if any corn not popped .
use your favorite soda to make great slushies .
i bought this to use for a cheese knife .
filtered water ! yes you can taste the difference .
filled with hot soup and leaked a little .
this game is bad with a capital 'b ' .
when those little word correction boxes pop up ) .
you ca n't go wrong with this little powerhouse .
achieve fast a connection both cellular and tab .
videos default to playing audio through the ipad speakers .
tried the fruit roll ups with cranberry and blueberry .
at this point the whole system is very inexpensive .
needless to say , the charger is working great .
i bought this kitchenaid mixer 15 years ago .
circa 1999 , and still king of the hill .
this is definately not a true otterbox case .
i took the case off after a few weeks .
it came exactly how it said it would .
batteries are upwards $ 35-45 at the retail stores .
but i do n't think this is for me .
the item arrived early which was the first plus .
and still can fit a cool tight fitting cover .
worth a try though- cheap price prompt delivery .
this pick up all the grit between scrubbing .
uhura do it for years on star trek .
ca n't cook a turkey or a pot roast .
these snap bracelets are not worth the money .
these glasses are the epitome of the word obsolescence .
for the money this toy is a great idea .
it allowed for greater control of the dog .
my puppy does not like it at all .
i 'll find someone i know who likes it .
the quality i must say is great nonetheless .
this headset works very well with my galaxy s3 .
these seem to fluff and fall apart easily .
i also followed the temperature and curing times closely .
the charger seems to work fairy quickly , too .
would recommend to anyone looking for a great air-popper .
my daughter begged me for one of these things .
attaching to the belt is a frustrating job .
i wanted a case that provided above average protection .
its the vent clip and dash mount adhesive .
it needs a hose to fit more stem configurations .
i did not use any of the straight hooks .
i guess i 'll have to registered with ebay .
this is a really nice set of cookware .
soe ruined the game with the combat upgrade .
it is important to understand clad and its purpose .
first experienced in nz and had to have .
ordered this stuff since around the june 3 .
we have more fine motor control in our arms .
the stove will not work wilth small diameter pots .
i really i like the color of the wood .
i puchased this pan in two different sizes .
we travel quite a bit and listen to audiobooks .
brushed stainless steel with stainless steel interior parts .
we finally gave up & just disposed of it .
gave up and am using it with them there .
the only remedy is to restart the game .
the removable plates alone is worth the purchase ! .
i was very impressed.-the game is very original .
it even looks like a dust-buster on a stick .
i have been debating whether to get new pots .
this is not the case with this cover .
i put a piece of electric tape over it .
i 've been a loyal boxwave customer for years .
i had no idea they varied so much .
i 'll serve the kids pasta in these bowls .
mine did come with the security bungee strap .
infused to for about 20 min before it broke .
it 's versatile and works great for my application .
you will have to request a refund from them .
it also fits well with a retro theme .
silicone case is way too loose and slides around .
trust me when i say this game is weak .
i love how this set has 10 molds ! .
i bought this item for my curve 8900 .
this is not a true conical burr grinder .
at the moment there is no must have game .
best buy them before you enter the silver cathedral .
basically , you have to throw that part out .
leave it to cuisipro to save my baking station .
these are good length and quite sturdy skewers .
was excited to see it in my stocking .
had all of the instructions and accessories inside .
my dogs smelled like rotting fish all the time .
the flavors were as weak as the coffee .
works well and fits nicely at the faucet .
bought this to replace my sisters phone battery .
the matches are not water proof as i expected .
this is probably a function of the cutting surface .
scrolling through pages on the e90 was a nightmare .
possibly my skin is to fair for it .
even with regular scooping ammonia pervades the air .
i should have just sent them right back .
not stainless steel nor made of any good quality .
they treat their customers like pieces of dog poo .
the zipper runs fine for about 1 1/2 '' .
the trimmer just does not do a good job .
i simply get online at home or in hotspots .
it just did n't work for what i wanted .
it also clicks into place to hold it there .
i took the entire pkg of these pearls .
they made it that way for a reason .
i will not be purchasing this one again .
so some people said this worked for them .
the worst part aobut the control scheme is walking .
i have had no flare problem with the optics .
cord and plug seem to be made well .
the story is one of the worst ever made .
i had the same problem with the third screen .
the edge is straight , the handle is comfortable .
too much effort for a one week solution .
the dimension i have in mind is thickness .
it does not slop around and is very secure .
10/22/12 i read the 5 stars and 1 stars .
the flavor overwhelms anything that you apply it to .
this is my first top coat i 've tried .
the clear crystal cube earring is much better .
the final beast is just way too easy .
i 'm sorry i wasted my money on these .
the flashlight has always turned on and off .
top quality and hand-turns easily like a corvette ! .
now i need to change it every week .
all spices have been good quality , highly recomend .
i have enjoyed using this salt and pepper set .
but these two do fine for me for now .
their cups look like 6 oz cups to me.2 .
oxo really failed in the design of this timer .
they accept most spice bottles and hold them firmly .
has been working great for about six months .
now my brand new dryer has pock-marks in it .
especially if you have a ton of expansions .
be sure to read all directions thoroughly before using .
the lid is constructed very well and fits tightly .
even when i wash my hair , it stays .
the yukon is much heavier than the atn .
i 've owned this silverware for a year now .
watching movies and videos is a big battery sucker .
it just did not have what the voice automation .
i purchased the sennheiser rs120 with charging cradle .
we received the pizzazz pizza oven as a gift .
not necessarily claiming that to be the case here .
this is not just a water filter , folks .
put a battery in and plugged it in .
this is a great fan esp for the money .
i returned it the same day it arrived .
this is great for small blocks of cheese .
try the tehani salon skin care anti-aging products .
everyone has told me they enjoy using it .
this is the best pan i 've ever bought .
it 's fairly comfortable and fits stays put too .
one that could take it in the kitchen .
i had high hopes that this would work .
the concept of this toy is absolutely fantastic .
it makes the salads much more pleasant to eat .
i was glad i purchased this one over others .
i only rinse it out every few times .
this product is nothing but a piece of junk .
the product is exactly as i pictured it .
holding up well and works fine for pasta .
this roaster is the perfect size for two .
these blades just do not conform to the windshield .
easy to take apart and clean as well .
this one has got a little jinx in it .
it does make small tortillas , not 6 inch .
and they are definitely very sturdy and durable .
so far so good and i have no complaints .
the curved handle makes it easy to use .
the oem batteries saw me through 4-5 years .
the first was a refurbished convection toaster oven .
this can opener consistently and easily does the job .
once you find something you like stick with it .
make it your secondary or back-up of a back-up .
difficult to assemble , starting with insertion of batteries .
there has to be a better product than this .
but , you taste this stuff and its horrible .
it went on very smoothly with no air bubbles .
i will buy another when the time comes .
the case us completely useless after the first drop .
i am also a man who makes kombucha .
i have now 100 more caps than bottles .
i already have a straightener that does that .
i had red wine stains on my teeth .
always worked and seved the purpose it was intended .
re-reviewed and purchased a number of years ago .
i even use it to chop rotel tomatoes up .
and it was everything they said it would be .
no effect whatsoever.the listing says it was discontinued .
that in itself makes it worth the money .
i am so happy i made this purchase .
cuts perfectly without damaging the cake a bit ! .
the bags outer and interior materials are cheaper too .
had it for a couple of days only .
it really charges my phone while i am driving .
i found these 3-pack anti-glare screen protectors on amazon .
went to walmart and bought heavy duty tent stakes .
i doubt most people would even notice it .
for my money it was worth every cent .
we take a lot of fish oil every month .
i bought these in the shiny black color .
the water well is also not well placed .
never again will i purchase anything from dr .
i still have to address that with the seller .
does n't seem to have any effect at all .
i expected it to be white like the picture .
i smack it and go back to bed muttering .
i knew bundt pans are great big things .
you will want to eat with these everyday .
but , i can not find fault with it .
these remote control cars are a major disappointment .
the regular one conditioner works better and detangles hair .
hope this helps and saves you a thousand dollars .
at least not in the way that i expected .
have been just doing just hot water canning .
please do n't buy a charger with the phone .
i was unsuccessful based upon research and positive reviews .
these headphones have great sound and are extremely comfortable .
my husband and i love this little skillet .
even holds my large bags of dog food closed .
i like the fresh taste of this popper .
seems to be pulling out lots of unmatted hair .
this car mount pretty much does what it says .
it really holds up well in the dishwasher .
looks like it was dyed using ritz dye .
not very happy with this stuff as it is .
i love the concept behind melissa and doug toys .
not a good choice for rats at all .
use it for straining milk from our cows .
the dishes are a beautiful addition to my collection .
worked about 3 days and now it does n't .
it wont just fall apart or anything like that .
the construction of this processor is extremely sturdy .
these brushes are very stiff and poor quality .
this is the perfect size for frosting cupcakes .
lightweight serving dishes should be all serving dishes .
i returned them and reordered a different pair .
i think that this is a dangerous product .
the basic idea behind the game sounds fun .
i 've roasted onions and peppers too in this .
i looked at the various materials and stiles .
i like to keep my kitchen knives sharp .
this is an average sounding headphone by comparison .
in no way do these taste like apple pie .
you need to buy it separate from this set .
this fits perfectly with my 35 year old 3qt .
sweet perry orchards baja blend fruit & nut mix .
this then led me to the task of cleaning .
it is a decent size and seems well made .
the sound stopped almost immediately after the first use .
a hammer would last longer than two months .
god only knows what is in canned biscuits .
overall a good buy and i recommend it .
put me to sleep & kept me asleep .
so the good part is she really liked it .
other reviews said the baskets tilted forward when extended .
i would look for a better quality product .
keep your gloves on and use your phone .
my scalp though still feels irritated by the product .
if you want a usable dependable phone look elsewhere .
works well in our oven/ microwave and advantium oven .
i replaced my beloved htc hd2 with this .
i would be careful measuring anything hot into them .
i had the same problem another reviewer had .
the glass is very thin and breaks easily .
did absolutely nothing to give me better service .
i 'll be limiting my use to nighttime only .
she hates it primarily because of the glove part .
they are in good size and look good too .
this is another great feature of this headset .
does exactly what it is supposed to do .
it seems to boost the signal up a bit .
i bought the breville 800jexl about a week ago .
i used this mifi for more than 2 years .
all in all i find it very convenient .
i wish it had a more rubberized texture .
after 2 1/2 years my z2 camera stopped working .
great purchase that i will be using forever .
missing one star because of the needed additions .
the directions are slight and hard to read .
without having my hands directly over the heat .
the only gold in red ninja is the story .
the peppermint taste is terrible in the morning .
cooking on cast-iron is better than i had remembered .
the item arrived quickly and was well packaged .
recommend and 2 fit it my toaster oven .
hit v again to stand all the way up .
for the price , it is hard to beat .
this cream sucks up hydration and should be garbaged .
this food strainer only comes with one screen .
i have had mine for 2 weeks now .
we did n't get much use out of it .
this toy is cheaply made and badly designed .
simply don t buy because it don t work .
not too loose that the phone shakes around .
2-3x heavier than even entry level road bikes .
i was terrified i had burned my skin .
yes , this is rather firm for being silken .
it is both beautifully designed and razor sharp .
upon application , it smelled offensively like cough syrup .
the one problem i 've found is the clip .
considering this was so inexpensive , go for it .
it is gorgeous and looks of high quality .
pressing the dial in also has function as well .
the keys are flat with no space between them .
however to each their own on that one .
i may have just gotten a bad one .
when i buy anything over $ 100 i research .
instead it was a mess of a spirograph .
i bought this item from cellular 5 star .
she just does n't care for this interactive toy .
charges 2 ipads as if it was charging one .
some of the cutscenes were n't even fully animated .
they are also light but do n't feel cheap .
this lead me to the waring commercial website .
it is uninvolving and uninteresting , at all times .
these are great plastic cutting boards for the price .
flips eggs without moving them around the pan .
i bought it to replace my old electric popper .
i will keep the top mount as it unscrews .
choose one that apple supports just for safety .
the bullseye stickers only fit two of the plates .
you do n't even need to read an article .
i purchased this cutter to use for a party .
the screen protectors applied to my phone very well .
the batteries were dry rotted inside of the car .
you can get better products for this price .
most of the time it never worked properly .
but i have been happily using the all-clad skillets .
i bought this for a ruger lcp w/ lasermax .
then you upgrade to a 3ds 6 months later .
it was cheaper than driving to the next town .
he/she actually said the vintage pots all had one .
i wish i had bought the bigger ones .
graphics and cut scenes of landscapes was amazing .
sorry - they need to re-design this one .
but play-balance-wise , someone took a lot of shortcuts .
go sell your snake oil to someone else .
i feel that i do better without candex .
i have used it and i love it .
thre heavey duty they hold an slide verry well .
i think this is a must-have for every kitchen .
if not , get a pair of danner acadias .
balls gt stuck in hippos heads jamming them up .
keep this with the batman dark tomorrow game .
b injections seem to have the best results .
this is maybe the best of auto phone holders .
a must have cow wok owners in my opinion .
why would you even consider talking to a.i .
it 's like my oily glands went into overdrive .
i am 23 years old with combination skin .
everything i wanted from my hair is here again .
now is the time to call a pro .
i only use it for playing chess now .
it is inconsequential that this does not have sls .
they link up pretty well and feel secure .
this case has it 's own built in battery .
the alarm on my oven is very quiet .
everyone loved that it looked like a cassette tape .
i have two of these for two locations .
i put it together in about 10 minutes .
this time she needed a copy of the warranty .
shattered the glass dropping my phone on the sidewalk .
so i returned them and got the targhee .
then throw near the dog to get their attention .
you can recycle it or use it for storage .
it was so runny for stage 2 food .
i thought it would be funny and different .
in my opinion this is not a durable mister .
i liked this tea pot without a protruding spout .
must have for any culinary student or chef .
that makes it almost useless as a gift .
he says it works very good and quick .
anything like this is worthless , i have found .
it is like you are dragging rubber against rubber .
this worked really good on my cell phone .
i am so glad i bought this toaster .
the weighted bottom part is crystal clear and solid .
anything plantronics make is always quality for me .
i am gon na have to try something else .
i am giving this product 5 stars now .
avoid this item from any seller at all cost .
when i awoke having cpr preformed on me .
the devs are scrambling.i have hopes for this game .
it made her hair and nails thick and long .
but a nerd who has a fully charged phone .
we would hate to be without our george jr .
the bottom end just broke off in his mouth .
i really enjoy these with my wok cooking .
the non-stick surface is very easy to clean .
i could n't have asked for a better colander .
i ended up getting the 12 '' as well .
i am going to get netgear for myself .
this soup was very bad.it was very bland .
i like to put fruit in these baskets .
i 'm not crazy about the color at all .
i would not recommend this - such a shame .
they barked at me for 30 minutes straight .
then it began to smell like a burned motor .
i now make eggs to perfection with this skillet .
it is probably best for girls with straight hair .
my shark vacs kept breaking or falling apart .
i really had no complaints with this product .
maybe they work and i have n't noticed yet .
this makes for a very convenient combination when mobile .
of course you will also need a drying mat .
i used them almost daily for about 2 months .
civilization ii is my all time favorite computer game .
this is my second honeywell hepa round purifier .
this phone case has held up with time .
not what i wanted to see from this toy .
i purchased 2 of these based on the reviews .
but the taste of this stuff is terrible .
i received one small bar through the vine program .
i have bought the pink and blue version .
this was a great product and worked very well .
looks like only chuck-it balls from here on out .
i can see why now after receiving mine .
a first quality piece , not a factory second .
that helps to make it effective and accurate .
the other reviewer had a point..as a male .
i think polder may have a manufacturing problem .
there are a lot of features for this machine .
it pours easily and is easy to wash .
i also used it to puree almost everything .
several years ago we purchased the 15 piece j.a .
this one to date is by far my favorite .
great product - keeps the droid x2 charged .
voice recognitionso much better than my old one .
you really do get what you pay for .
a great gift to give another home canning person .
i ca n't imagine another model working any better .
besides this the jacket is very very good .
the 270 made great coffee when it worked .
this oxo potato ricer makes great mashed potatoes .
it got so bad it would n't even boot .
the cradle also works better with the vent mount .
oxo products provide long lasting quality and fine styling .
it looks like her old one had a baby .
i would recommend this product to family and friends .
the hose says it 's rated to 4,500 psi .
freezer is more organized.made of a very durable material .
i now own two pyrex 8-cup measuring cups .
they are also great for buying in bulk .
it is what you would expect from lodge .
i 've learned a lesson about being a cheapskate .
first of all , the product was postage due .
they would be fine on a kids bike .
it feels flimsy and does n't lock together securely .
plus the elevator was really hard to move .
and see the internal temp at a glance .
this one does the trick and is sturdy ! .
you will be less likely to break a tooth .
this was one of the reasons i bought it .
the movement of your character is just so frustrating .
that and those funny little monkeys in woodfall .
he used it for his exercise and running program .
they paired easily to my droid razr maxx .
that is assuming that it lasts that long .
i was very pleased with them always have .
the reason is , it shakes itself too much .
maybe it 's good for cats with healthier teeth .
it does the job and we 're very pleased .
zagg is always the best in my opinion .
like i wish it had a apple-cinnamon type taste.8 .
it 'works with quirks ' as it call it .
stick with the black microsoft brand or nyko ones .
but it is very good i would recommend it .
many of their products bear complaints about cloudiness .
tired of the wife melting the inferior models .
i wish i could find ones with other designs .
i promptly contacted bestdealusa and they promptly responded .
my only regret is not buying this sooner .
their thin shape makes them easy to store .
first their is no odor associated with it .
i do n't heat the oven above 400 deg .
unfortunately , performance leaves a lot to be desired .
it arrived well padded and safe with no breakage .
i guess noise is endemic to these adapters .
the product i received was labeled as such .
but there 's a good part to the game .
i now i completely regret selling my older model .
it just takes a bit of getting used to .
those two strips were hard to keep straight .
they are very similiar to the stock oem battery .
i just thought i 'd mention it for others .
sturdy and easy to install-i like the quality .
did not help my phone to last any longer .
the brush and container are great , arrived quickly .
the stainless also responds very well to polishing .
1st one broke in less than 1 year .
i have alive vitamin supplements and i love them .
pacman is the game that basically defined the arcade .
this makes carving turkey or and meat a breeze .
this was a very bad buy for me .
we love our coffee and love our coffee center .
cancelling the account with sprint was super easy .
this was the most successful of the 3 .
however does not fit mini ipad or cell phone .
i simply use the windshield suction cup mount instead .
these are great for any type of kitchens .
none of which i taste in this k-cup .
despite my experience these chips have good reviews .
this was exactly what i was looking for .
my kid likes to get into the sugar .
the color fits in with my other dishes .
you can lift the vacuum by the canister handle .
the mobigo fits unbelievable tight in this thing .
this works perfectly and is exactly what 's needed .
but the iphone 4 , it works wonders on .
if it works , i will update my review .
this gel case was exactly what i wanted .
you only have to clean what you use .
can barely hear a thing on any of them .
been doing this for 3 years w/o a problem .
i tried every setting and even called customer support .
however , this gel is hard to work with .
then it was not what you see here .
i try not to use this big monster controller .
keeps the smudges under control and looks good .
i ended the call and tried to redial .
i was very excited to use this product .
i have never used it even because of this .
someone said this was great for an older person .
this is my third purchase of this knife .
this is a herbal tea from the mellow bush .
until i had to pause for a break .
i use this in my backyard with my firepit .
i have two of these that i use consistently .
i had two of these were of inferior quality .
i am probably going to return this item .
it became unstable and would n't function at all .
this was the worst tea i 've ever had .
this is on the first level mind you .
you have to store the little ducks somewhere else .
you can even see it in the daylight .
i bought this specifically to make tapioca pudding .
you have to order it seperately from creative .
go to dollar store and get microfiber cloth ! .
let 's hope this is just a short-term fluke .
i like the firmness of my new calphalon set .
the sticking part is particularly true for leafy vegetables .
i would not recommend this item to anybody .
but we thought we would try this and see .
this timer only rang intermittently when time was up .
i have a 2 gb card in this phone .
i bought these as a gift for my daughter .
its simply a design flaw the should be fixed .
got it cuz micro usb is just dumb .
do n't go by the website for this product .
it looked decent , but he had no control .
these headbands were much too tight for me .
oh well i got a new phone haha .
it works well for hanging on our bathroom door .
this phone has very thin bezels framing the screen .
one quick rocking motion and the pizza is cut .
no slipping and good on all kinds of citrus .
the cover is long and the cloth is large .
i guess she missed because she 's 20 pounds .
not for a dog that is rough on toys .
i love these pictures they are a great size .
the price on amazon can not be beat .
it was for me a waste of money .
i have been wearing size 11 for 40 years .
excellent product and the non-stick coating appears to last .
and very , very heavy for a handheld vacuum3 .
the juice pack air is a nice little battery .
using the itorch imp52d has been a pleasure .
i own this spoon in both slotted and solid .
luckily i bought a rogz half-check choker first .
they always come through and above my spectations .
we plan to clean the carpets every 90 days .
i am the only coffee drinker in the house .
happy with this purchase and recommend to others .
it was the worst i have played.the upside - .
will never be fooled into buying those coated pans .
my fuzzy fish simply did not like it .
it took 2-3 washes to get it all out .
my comments.this juicer should not be in production .
will last for the rest of my life.2 .
the pastic ear pieces are easy to break .
we compared the one he has to this one .
of water per day is essential to good health .
i use them to store dried foods longer .
people have no problem hearing me or i them .
the fit was just off for my body type .
guess i 'll just use it for garden work .
the mask worked sort of well at first .
bought these to add to my mum 's set .
this is a handy addition to the food processor .
my wife and i really like this pizza pan .
super easy to open and serve your food product .
i like the look and it 's extremely sturdy .
may order another size to go with it .
do n't waste your money on these junky pads .
i should tell you that i wear dentures .
great size but the edges cause an issue .
i had a samsung rogue for about 10 days .
i like the programming when it 's turned on .
this does exactly what it is supposed to do .
i even tried thinning it down with water .
at first this product left my hair greasy .
he would beat up his phone a ton .
i ca n't sit on it for very long .
this meter is flawed , though seemingly well made .
will deffently order more when need them , , .
i was so looking forward to this title .
this is the best pop-corn popper out there .
this is a great way to snack healthy ! .
she says it 's easy to clean and use .
if you want a quality precision set of drivers .
this mag pouch is too cheap and unreliable .
installed to the parking lights and fender lights .
the first order was too good to be true .
you have to hand it to color dreams/wisdom tree .
probably should have got this a long time ago .
my box shows the firmware at version 1.19 .
i know about networking and computers and obviously linux .
it is simple to clean out with a brush .
they were sticky and stuck to the foil .
they look nice but they do n't stay in .
followed instrucions but dog never responded to it .
buying it from amazon warehouse i had higher expectations .
i went through the standard troubleshooting checklist , i.e .
they say this is safe for the environment .
ca n't believe i used this for so long .
the case is also very hard to remove .
this is to be added in sitting water .
i use 2 scoops per meatball and roll them .
stick with a pair of solid bottom ice grabbers .
perhaps i should have just got my normal size .
i 've never had an experience like this before .
please know that this is not the case .
combo packand it works great and is great quality .
the blades grind but nothing drops into the bin .
do not play this game , play something else .
coffee oils clog up the pores of the basket .
notice it is manufactured in germany and not sweden .
part of the problem is the scope itself .
made me really sick until it all came out .
the description said waterproof where clearly it 's not .
i do n't consider the noise level a drawback .
in the end i found it uncomfortable and unnecessary .
although this case may look nice and sturdy .
they wo n't crush ice very well at all .
as will taking it out of its case .
i bought several sets of these for storage .
and the choices of characters is somewhat limited .
i 'm talking primarily about the single player campaign .
i 'm sure i will find many additional uses .
i think this case is a fantastic case .
the belt clip shattered into millions of pieces .
i carry this in my purse every where .
it overheats in about 10 minutes and shuts down .
nor does it hold many dishes at one time .
you 're going to have to make some adjustments .
i have liked a lot of topeak 's products .
however it did not achieve this status for nothing .
in 40 to 45 minutes my meatloaf is done .
i would not give this item even one star .
it leaves my skin feeling a little bit greasy .
i strongly suggest checking that one out instead .
i say no one lives forever is crap .
show that ripe red tomato who 's the boss .
2 stars for graphics those were pretty good .
spend more and you will get better quality .
there is just nothing to it and fits poorly .
all i can say is wow ! one drawback .
it does an excellent job of cooking a pizza .
the progressive scan capability fails on most dvd 's .
one order went on for longer than a month .
i purchased them for show more than anything .
i got these and was excited to try them .
it is very light weight and i love that .
thanks satechi for a great and useful product ! .
but i would n't be able to afford it .
nice long handle for mixing in big pots .
my standard poodles just dont like rubber to chew .
whole fax seeds bound together into a crispy cracker .
i only gave 1 star because of fast delivery .
this rolling pin was clumsy and awkward to use .
therefore , everything here sound very good so far .
pretty and smooth and does its job well .
you are paying for the name with these .
cake came out easily and in one piece .
i appreciated getting extra ear gels and foams too .
i was really excited to get this product .
sounds like a b-52 even in quiet mode .
they have been banged up pretty well since them .
still my favorite way to cook meats ecspecially pork .
this bag is not even a week old .
i ordered 2 whitney 2131 18-pair shoe trees .
also a piece of the plastic broke off .
these clips keep my oats fresh and tasty .
this is by far my most used kitchen gadget .
this cast iron serving/cooking platter is very high quality .
i ca n't find a use for this turner .
only 1 speaker works now , not good quality .
this a well designed and built to last .
i bought this volume control for sports activities .
holding off until i get my iphone 5 woooooo .
that is 20 minutes more than my old machine .
both with genuine metal cases , probably plated brass .
i threw it out and do n't miss it .
the litter does not clump very well and breaks .
i purchased this one because of the lid .
i do n't understand why it is so popular .
they came packed well and i have zero complaints .
i am sure these will last a lifetime ! .
you can only buy junk for so long .
although the menu looks a lot like it .
it is lot worse than my old microsoft wheelmouse .
it is a well-built kettle , all stainless interior .
i wish i had went in a different direction .
wish there was a size in the middle .
i love cuisinart , all my appliances are cuisinart .
i saw no results whatsoever with this product .
i bought this as a gift for my daughter .
all had stroboframe header cards and locating pins .
talk about bad timing to test a new camera .
it makes 3- 4 oz cups = 12 oz .
great looking case but not the highest quality .
within one minute the squeaker was not working anymore .
the kit lens came out clearer and more sharp .
i like the way it makes my phone looks .
i bough this back on march 10 , 2011 .
it heats up fast and makes quick waffles .
the documentation for this product is weak at best .
he used his spell power in the first fight .
thankfully , i recently decided to just buy one .
although i do have a regular beautiful nose .
they hold me and im over 200 pounds .
it can be a great serving dish as well .
however , the ironing board cover is pretty thin .
easily grates whole nutmeg to a nice consistency .
its good for alot of things has 4 functions .
i charged it overnight and gave it a try .
you have to blow on it just right .
now i have a broken steamer in my closet .
you need to balance size , cost and power .
playable for only the most hardcore sonic fans .
as i added flour the mixer would stall .
it actually broke the third day i had it .
it may have been a weak 9v battery .
sometimes i soak it for 10 or so minutes .
this is the reason for the small board .
get the tokina 12-24mm f/4 for half the price .
this item also was a good battery backup source .
i use it to charge my ipad and iphone .
rubber inserts in the handles for a good grip .
i am really surprised to see poor reviews .
it is easily remedied with clorox/lysol wipes etc .
the pot has pour spouts and it looks fantastic .
lots of research before i purchased this set .
my only complaint is that self-portraitsare difficult at best .
i thinking of getting the kitchen aide unit next .
it was a total waste of my money .
i bought the 8 inch skillet , as well .
great for making very consistant light and fluffy cookies .
this is like a grown up 's kiddie cereal .
i am surprised i bothered finishing this one .
i saw no other way to contact seller .
it is sooooooo much better than microwave or airpopped .
these fit my iphone perfectly and are very colorful .
it was very wide and stiff and uncomfortable .
it certainly takes pressure off during my long commute/drive .
i will not purchase this original flavor again .
a better solution is a lighter in a ziploc .
she was calm and comfy for about 10 minutes .
most of them are preprogrammed and out of date .
the other i gave to my network systems engineer .
basically it was just what i was looking for .
many marketed non-stick surface pans do n't always work .
needs to have string attachment point but works perfectly .
i 'm not happy with the fit at all .
mind you , i am a very gentle user .
i have other chicago products and love each .
for the price it definitely protects your phone .
it is really a very light smoke gray .
i like how it protects iphone from getting scatched .
used these kettles in england on my vacation .
i am very happy with amazon 's return policy .
easier to put in & out of the holder .
the fabric seems ok and the fit was good .
that is why i gave it 4 stars .
i also like it for melting cheese on toast .
such a simple and easy to use product .
i love all the foodsaver accessories i have purchased .
i was so happy that i found this .
but is nice for the price & came quick .
i 'm replacing it with a zagg this weekend .
we use these as our everyday wine glasses .
just as long as they get your money .
great entertainment for my 3 year old too .
this item was purchased to give as a gift .
my kittens will play with just about anything .
very well made and the handle has nice feel .
i just returned it -- did n't use it .
the second just for charging with a wall charger .
the blade is not sharp to the touch .
i 've owned this popper for several years now .
it is large enough for fast meals for four .
as soon as i recieved this i used it .
i am not going to bother fixing it .
i use it to keep milk really cold .
i think it could be a bit bigger .
perfect size for 2-3 people depending on portions wanted .
i just remember it took a long time .
you 'll get spikemarks skidded down your food item .
it takes a full 10 in this steamer .
you simply unpack and fold the shelfs down .
but that is not the fault of this battery .
this was a wedding present , they were thrilled .
the locations of the two units do n't change .
its plastic and exactly was what they promised .
they fold up which is great for the traveler.3 .
the mophie will not last me the entire day .
this brush is the size of a childs toy .
the big box was very cheap and thin .
this is my second buy of this product .
these do not securely stay on your ear .
just using the lights alone would have been fine .
the statistics are presented in an almost unreadible way .
the scale is beautiful and easy to read .
this is built just like the chinese clone .
my motorola droid x fits perfectly in this .
bought this for my girlfriend and she loves it .
he did not want to play with me .
it would be very difficult to miss hearing it .
the problem was not with my gang valve .
not at all soft and flexible like they claim .
i believe the guides were designed to break .
this really comes in handy having an exctra one .
the sound is clear w/o any echo or static .
i have had no issues with poor suction .
is that a factor ? i ordered in oct .
and boy did i return it about 6 times .
no 12 inch lid available that i can find .
i have a teeny tiny wart on my finger .
i do n't like righting a 2 star review .
it works like oem , and it is uber-cheap .
worthless.headphones-good god , these are the worst headphones ever .
you can buy an xbox for this price .
i was surprised how quickly i received it .
i bought it in a local gourmet shop .
can also bring it with you camping , etc .
storyline and setup was equally terrible and overused .
i felt so bad i did this to him .
the sonicare toothbrush is the same form factor .
why spend more for great espresso or cappachino ? .
it pours better when it is half full .
flaxseeds offer more ala than chia , 22.8gr vs .
i 've been using religiously for about 3-4 months .
i did not even receive the correct case .
it looks as clean as the first day .
this router would be no stars if possible .
max payne was a much bigger hit than this .
i would recommend it to everyone i know .
sure it works but i hate opening the case .
for a stockpot there 's no brand like farberware .
but this thing has 89 mg of calcium .
please , do yourself a favor and stay away .
i will not replace this with a sony .
the audio is crisper than the howard leight 's .
protects the phone in so many different ways .
it is a great unit for the price .
and you get 10 pieces for a cheap price .
this pan is much nice than i expected .
as usual , oxo has made an excellent product .
you get one slide lined up and locked it .
received these and put in cabinet until use .
but , no improvement at all for me .
wish i had found it 4 presses ago .
i took these while pregnant and am now nursing .
these were advertised to fit the habra stone .
but the overall build quality was seriously lacking .
it smells awful and is way too greasy .
dont waste your money and the shipping cost.karlac .
and i really like that it is compact .
the cutting edges on this oxo peeler are sharp .
or you do n't even have to stack them .
her breath still occasionally smells like a fish market .
i received this headset and it was defective .
sentry safe shipped my keys at no cost .
this is the next model up and seems sturdy .
i am almost looking forward to ironing again .
i would never , ever buy this product again .
everything i have loved about final fantasy is gone .
but i tried this one and loved it .
it takes a strange path around the room .
i slightly tweaked my back when i fell .
love the preprinted labels for the jar tops .
it arrived right on the schedule that amzon promised .
charged me and my sisters phone with this charger .
so far i have not found any leaks .
i bought a second one for the other car .
i have low pile carpet throughout the apartment .
all the holes are in the correct place .
i vacuum daily but that still was n't enough .
the color went beyond pretty and it looks great .
for the cost , these headphones are pretty good .
the filters last quite a while and are great .
would not buy againand did not smell good .
this is truly a wonderful and handy ironing board .
with time it does come to fit better .
i am so completely disgusted with this game .
diffinitely a handy and useful convenience in the kitchen .
might be cut for a more male shape .
these pots are a great buy for the price .
they have these new tracks for of road races .
none of them worked - seller provided a refund .
bacteria can get into them - unsanitary and dangerous .
so stay away from other senna products , too .
i like that there are 10 places for colors .
it also did the opposite for me regarding sleep .
i 'm changing my estimation of these tires now .
this thermometer is supposed to be more accurate .
no more calling husband each time i needed mixer .
i emailed the company and they emailed me back .
this is my second case for the iphone 4s .
perfect for grilling , not so much for pancakes .
have not had any issues w/burning or overcooking .
most chargers really do cheap out on the amperage .
the inferiority is obvious on a good hdtv screen .
it increased my battery life like two times .
the strainer top is smart and very useful .
i used it maybe twice a week at most .
my others last for weeks and used everyday .
it is light and it is easy to handle .
no , it was not a receiver battery issue .
i bought these for my 16 year old daughter .
this is a great case for your iphone .
this is the nicest little steamer i can imagine .
wow ! do not let the price fool you .
the key is the headphones must be fully retracted .
i did not expect alot due to the price .
i bought this top b/c it was cheap .
i needed a filler item and purchased these .
first , the poles of the tent were sticky .
if you use straps and such to lift .
i guess you get what you pay for .
after 1.5 months in the sun it rotted out .
i think we need a couple more ounces .
the stand would not close all the way either .
they left a lot of bubbles after applying .
needed a new filter for my krups coffee maker .
turns out this was my second time using these .
this lens is great but a bit pricey .
if you can get it cheap , get it .
but could/should you find a healthier alternative ? definitely .
the best looking screen protector i 've ever had .
i also started using the timer more often .
both worked well and were easy to operate .
now that is all that i have to say .
do not order if you wanted the colors pictured .
i bought this holster for my ccw kahr cw9 .
not one of these caught a gosh darned thing .
everything but the base can go into the dishwasher .
be sure to measure where you want these first .
we use it for everything - especially smoothies .
i use this for my galaxy s3- works perfectly .
the media compartments are flimsy and sluggish in response .
the internals are identical to units much more expensive .
avoid breaking the pot by following the cleaning instructions .
all the buttons that you need are easily accessible .
this is my second sony remote of this type .
the noise seems necessary to support the power .
this can opener lives up to all the hype .
it just refused to stick or apply to lashes .
i give this five stars on price alone .
this product made a perfect gift for my mother .
i have to delete my subscribe and save order .
just fill it in and close the cap .
do n't take the chance with viking compactflash cards .
make sure to use fresh batteries for best results .
i like the flexibility of the adjustable size .
purchased for my son as gift from santa .
all three items were a waste of money .
i do n't worry about fingerprints or scratches anymore .
it tastes more like a mellow chocolate chip cookie .
i was dissatisfied and disappointed with this product .
the connectivity with my other wireless routers was horrible .
i give it a one out of five stars .
this brand has less potassium content per serving .
there 's definitely something to be said for freshness .
the battery barely makes it through the day .
the original battery was no longer holding a charge .
its a shame because it was cute at first .
so i looked at the heater it shattered .
overall will still do buisness with this company .
this case was reasonably priced and we 'll constructed .
my network uses a gigabit router and switches .
i can not stress how bad it is .
i should have figured that from the size given .
you get what you pay for in this case .
other than at 12x the fov is very narrow .
this is now the reason i hate it .
these wshisks are light and overall are constructed well .
case is just silicone and stretches over phone easily .
i am very pleased with my new aquisition .
they are pricey but they last a long time .
do not make the same mistake that i did .
for this glove , a medium would be better .
the silver colored ones seem to be much better .
they just do n't make sense on my pallet .
it wo n't blend at all leaving unequal stains .
took me forever to clean it all out .
most mills only grind correctly in one direction .
the case is very good and labeled very clearly .
i 'm using it to hold cone coffee filters .
she choose black to go with her kitchen colors .
the anker astro 3 is a very versatile charger .
in some cases golden is more expensive than brown .
i tried petroleum jelly and that made it worse .
this is the best peeler i have ever owned .
all and all , it is a good product .
and then you can plug in the router .
i love that it is very easy to clean .
it is quite heavy but very sturdy and durable .
a simple zipper would be much better here.4 .
comes with 2 recipes , one for each type .
there are home remedies better than this one .
this is the measuring cup that any kitchen needs .
i take back my original 5 star recommendation .
into even more than two pieces ! total trash .
well , two of them went flat within days .
i grab this thing for pancakes to eggs .
i was completely disappointed with this product by russell .
this cable will not work with the brother hl2240d .
take if off and you will have no splash .
it does not fit with my 18-135mm attached .
to my surprise it worked like a charm .
exact replacement for my broken carafe.extremely fast shipping .
constantly slid down the refrigerator with very little weight .
i do n't think it sounds realistic at all .
i am an african-american woman with natural 4a hair .
does not heat up well and has horrible odor .
a separate button would have been a major improvement .
just plug in to computer or ac outlet .
plus these were going to be stocking stuffers .
it seems appropriate and looks quite nice and professional .
the strain relief on this thing is a joke .
plantronics products have been pretty reliable in my experience .
highly recommend for those of you with little space .
it also fits well over a larger pan .
in both cases it cut almost no hair .
several months ago i reviewed this item in detail .
i would not recommend this to a friend .
the mute button is covered by the case .
then it may last longer than a day .
it 's easy to use and serves its purpose .
it really is an excellent , high quality machine .
try it before you buy it if you can .
the chopping blade type is useful for grinding spices .
it is a great buy for any kitchen .
pity because usually kong toys are of good quality .
this shaver worked okay for about a month .
my grandmother used cast iron and so do i .
so floppy and felt like a school kid really .
great for pot roast and other slow cooking recipes .
i too has a case on my phone ! .
i am usually not sensitive with the smells .
i think the extension tubes slid down over time .
i like the way you can mix or match .
the price was right so i ordered up .
this phone is dual-core and not a toy .
this is fake not the same as real benetint .
hand washing does n't always get them totally clean .
away , with a direct line-of-sight to my headphones .
those were stable and were not cheaply made .
nothing is less fun than a headless woody doll .
a jabra ear gel fits on the unit .
we have had this for over 5 years .
this set is a nice value for the price .
as far as myself and my teenager experienced .
maybe puppies would like to chew on it ? .
i should have snapped up a year supply .
perfect for cutting and serving fragile light food .
they were completely done on the number 4 setting .
this is a very nice dish for the price .
no size was given for the lense diameter .
it seems to go on 2 minutes or more .
i look forward to trying new recipes and breads .
it does not glow in the dark at all .
i am a strawberry blonde with fair skin .
i chose this rating because i hate this product .
but sometime need to beat out the fine stuff .
maybe now ill remove the motor and experiment .
tried it at home , with a boom box .
this product has not diminish her desire to scratch .
got up to a pot of cold coffee .
gives me a gray cast ; not very flattering .
quickly boils water for tea and other drinks .
many third-party vacuum attachments would work with it too .
there is a reason these cost so much .
we thrashed it and never thought about buying again .
it works great and was a fair price .
this stuff pack seemed to be a happy medium .
i underestimated how i would look in a stocking .
this is horribly designed and a terrible vacuum .
white first coat and then black second coat .
seem to be a good product i would recommend .
i bought this zester/grater to zest lemons and oranges .
i am selling it and getting the s305 .
i give jabra high marks for comfort.battery life .
my sit bones are between 155mm and 160mm apart .
i tried to bend the handles and could n't .
do n't take water out without putting water in .
this is a must have item for any kitchen .
ive switched back to neutrogena antiaging antiblemish cleanser .
i am glad i purchased this little picher .
this is where foreman 's cool grill comes in .
i purchased this for my 2003 silverado 1500 .
will definitely be ordering many more of these ! .
water usually looks good and so does smoke .
i would rather pull over my vehicle and talk .
buying online and return is a pain now .
just wanted to add that to my review .
good price for an item that works well .
gave this as a gift to my friend .
this product did not work for me at all .
we like to have some squeeze to the ball .
i will absolutely recommend that my kids contact amazon .
i bought this gun for my little brother .
and he 's happy with the price and item .
thus , i kept the charger as a backup .
brought 3 of these to have around the house .
i bought this grinder on january 3 , 2003 .
it is so very well made and durable .
i replaced the non-working 10000 with the 8400 .
i did my research and it has paid off .
i am asian and rice is my primary meal .
does a great job when it is operational ! .
not purchasing a product never got me upset .
this last bottle is just not the same .
these diapers are a great value for the money .
i see no difference than using plain carbon .
the gobel is also slightly harder to see through .
now my recipes are working out like they should .
she just played it when she was really bored .
the new flap has a major design flaw .
same thing got better and then plateaued.and yes .
it is not heavy or awkward for me .
he did n't seem to notice it at all .
no defects of any kind and it worked perfectly .
it can even be used as a whisk .
also use it for cutting foam for cushions .
the name of the product is just ridiculous .
try using this with turnips , pumpkin or squash .
hopefully this will be a lesson learned for thq .
i own both this machine and the breadman ultimate .
not a problem with any of mine , though .
excellent value from amazon and free shipping with prime .
microwave and dishwasher safe and made in the usa .
i found this game to be a huge dissapointment .
either way you have to keep sharpening it .
this is a must have tool for kitchen use .
these covers fit the lg optimus s great .
add that to the cost of the wrench .
and even my first pans look good as new .
the blender part of this product is awesome .
snapped open more easily and snapped closed more easily .
sometimes spidey 'll be stuck on walls or pillars .
i plan to reorder as soon as i can .
it is just one horrid extreme to the other .
i 've been eyeing this headset for a while .
worth the cost to have a great bread knife .
made my cooking easier and faster , win win .
two bags later the quality was just as poor .
bought this as a gift for my young niece .
i much prefer the bombay potatoes and jaipur vegetables .
love not having to wash the pitcher every day .
my cat liked it the one time it worked .
usually bakers only use cookie cutters at christmas .
getting rid of the fats is also a plus .
i love otter box especially there costumer service .
i got tired of the high dollar jobs .
you will not be disapointed i love this case .
soooo much easier - especially in the kitchen .
i also use it to make pasta sauces .
my only objection is it is too noisy .
if you make chocolates you must buy these tools .
useful for dehydrating vegetable purees as well as fruit .
it is not the size for mini guitar .
it does get very hot , so be careful .
build to last for a very long time .
they are heavyweights glass and will last hundred years .
it was one of my top loved cases .
i think it is then packaged in the u.s .
was expecting better quality for what we paid .
the youtube video shows a nice , small wall-wart .
casio parts sells the battery for about $ 9 .
my detangling process took the same amount of time .
this case fits the ipod touch like a glove .
i have had no problems with this device .
when i got it she immediately sorted it out .
overall , i think this was a good purchase .
i would definitely recommend this product to a friend .
expensive for what it is , but worth it .
it had clumps in it , almost like yogurt .
i actually came here to buy a couple more .
it was not relaxing to us at all .
i wanted something sturdier to protect my iphone .
follow-up week and a half later , same result .
my girlfriend does n't think it is sticky enough .
great product ! definetly lives up to my expectations .
we also have hardwood floors with some area rugs .
yes , the price is on the high side .
my first thought was these are going back .
the price was 95 cents/free shipping a month ago .
my friend swore this would replace my allergy pill .
it did not fit my phone at all .
only drawback is that information is lost when unplugged .
they really should 've made it harder to remove .
when on sale this may be no-brainer purchase .
i guess this is what really counts anyway .
at least in the plastic near the speaker .
even a good price doesnt save this bad product .
evenwith him they last about six monyhscto a year .
it did not protect the corners of my either .
this thing is a hit with my family .
so i ended up just recycling the nice bottles .
this grill/griddle is great for just about everything .
the thicker gauge stainless steel is a nice touch .
their garlic mask is amaze for shedding though .
it is the perfect size for pineaple upsidedown cake .
and the adhesive certainly appears to be very strong .
good experience with company and item received as scheduled .
i hate this dryer because of this issue .
i loved the product when i first got it .
other foods were better sliced by my cuisinart .
the headset can also pair over multiple sources/devices .
i bought one of these about 2 years ago .
this extra long cable is exactly as advertised .
the cuisinart mini-prep looked like the perfect replacement .
i did not find sweetleaf to be any better .
their are earpieces and over the head options .
it is definitely a pain relieving tool for me .
sounds like some weird kind of plastic to me .
the balm does n't asorbed in the paw pads .
you have to have flash installed or forget it .
we had one of the lesser variety breadmakers .
you 'll soon understand why our grandmothers cherished them .
the last bowl is perfect for potato chips .
when we checked it , the hinge was broken .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
i 'm trying out the offering from philips next .
does a good job whisking in my non-stick pans .
will update as soon as blackhawk/amazon fix this .
i do not recommend buying the patent leather .
cleanup is a breeze with the removable plates .
they are the best waffles i 've ever eaten .
coffee in the past has been a good value .
still waiting for a comfortable pair of desert boots .
this is going directly back to the store .
these patches just did not stick for long .
when i contacted ka customer service they were frightening .
cable both of which are very descent lenghts .
i am about 10-15 miles from broadcast centers .
i do like the other products just fine .
my mother has had her pyrex for 30 years .
you will feel safe standing on this ladder .
however , the water that came out was gross .
it is a waste of time and money .
but still the best solution out there imho .
the mount itself sticks well to the windshield .
definitely glad i decided to upgrade from the glass .
these are working out better for removing the food .
after i used this product my hair seemed drier .
this product was a waste of money for me .
i 'm sticking with red barn in the future .
i bought this lens as a gift for birthday .
this is a great idea , but poorly executed .
i was so aggravated i never even finished it .
now if i could only find my phone .
i have n't let my husband use this pan .
amazon sells them for a decent price as well .
very nice high quality case and not too bulky .
it might show ? + ? = 17 .
and as a natural deodorant , it accomplishes that .
then i sharpened the knife according to the instructions .
its very small and flush with the device .
i get those wonderful grill marks and grill taste .
it literally brings the water to a full boil .
i tried this product a few months ago .
purchased right before a week long business trip .
just another pos thrust on the market from china .
i called the center who does not return calls .
i could barely squeeze my foot into the shoe .
the name of this bra is a contradiction .
he has lots of ties and wears them daily .
the pan is very well made and sturdy .
it holds the products well and they seem secure .
ozeri zp-20gl green earth frying pan lid , 8-inch .
the balloon just kept getting bigger until it blew .
it was uncomfortable and she started biting at it .
they sent me a new set of these containers .
this is a real problem in my florida climate .
made in china to add to the awesomeness .
it arrived on time and in good condition .
best standalone iphone stand i have purchased yet .
it gets dirty quicker and easier than most screens .
my boss is very happy with the case .
you can build and deploy your own custom ships.3 .
cutting cakes into layers has always made me anxious .
i have better luck with mary kay even complexion .
an excellent choice for the small difference in cost .
i think that i just got a defective one .
nothing will stay in it for even a second .
i would pay twice as much for it .
i think the more expensive ones also break .
got two of these for my son and i .
it has powerful suction and is easy to handle .
once on it was a tight and fit well .
the sound is not all that great for music .
i was really impressed at how well this works .
pay attention to the current draw on your device .
i 'll be replacing it with the oxo y-peeler .
this is a correction to my previous review .
better to save your money for something better .
the product works well and i use it often .
i will not buy this eye cream again .
it does not hold the wires very tight .
i plan on getting a couple more of these .
but it looks quite ugly with the finum infuser .
it still smells and looks the same overall .
i know that i am in the minority here .
these are natural peach slices that are freeze dried .
i had such huge expectations for this game .
i 'd opt for a grinder with rave reviews .
also the sugar is probably gmo sugar as well .
leaves more counter space for me to use .
the flavors were not very distinct or fruity .
armband was very difficult to put on yourself .
this case is beautiful but hard to get off .
i can not imagine anyone being disappointed with this .
people throw them away because the flint is depleted .
it retracts at the push of a button .
that would be a total of 24 bottles .
my baby love this case its her thing .
i use them for everything in the kitchen .
i found broken seating clips along the edges .
this press makes the best coffee - hands down .
i have n't been able to bend one yet .
i missed the fact this is an underwire bra .
this earphone is very recommended to all of you .
will definitely be helpful to have a handle cover .
i 've been buying these same pants for years .
i was really excited to try these lollies .
it is the one in the third photo .
this product is a complete waste of money .
relax your grip and it works just fine .
the best verizon phone available as of 4-14-2010 .
if you do n't do things a certain way .
tried this and she still would n't touch them .
obviously , you can not pulse anything very long .
this was not mentioned anywhere in the ordering process .
but i finally had to throw it away .
i mean everyone have these four types of cases .
cant beat the price for a car charger .
on the new battery , i talked 25 min .
more amps then charging time is drastically reduced ) .
not the most comportable longline bra i have purchased .
it does n't come anywhere close to ff 7 .
this is a very cheap and utilitarian unit .
it is great for chopping garlic cloves and herbs .
secondly , there should have been noise reduction feature .
they do stack so use less space to store .
the location of the stairs makes no sense .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
imagine how those straps would feel in your armpits .
these things fit nothing like the older 569s .
looks more expensive than it is , i think .
i have found that i do use all 3 .
and is the best quality cast iron cookware made .
myself or my 4yr old did n't like this .
works like a charm and makes beef/venison jerky wonderfully .
the millet instead was also very dry and flakey .
some people claim it 's the greatest mmorpg ever .
the product works well enough its just very big .
it has 25 year old wall to wall carpet .
i have n't had an issue using it yet .
best price for a dutch oven i have found .
just dump a few ingredients and press a button .
i could do without the bright led 's though .
the windows that pop up have no explanation .
when i seen this i immediately ordered it .
coffee under the counter maker is sitting idle .
have an area which needed to be partitioned off .
i am a real fan of ginger and honey .
the screen could be bigger , but no biggy .
also ca n't send it back unless not used .
i just totally changed my review of this .
this is all trumped by the correct storage techniques .
but we have the box for the dragon .
this is without a doubt a good deal .
they 're all very cumbersome and convoluted to use .
i bought and sent this to my daughter .
by sega , makes so good games on nintendo .
however , they often fail in the gameplay department .
but for simple steaks/meat , they should be fine .
i would certainly recommend this to my friends .
pound for pound it earns its 5 stars .
be aware of the slight differences in models .
heating element heats up in less than 2 min .
i bought this after i broke my phone .
it does not have a regular mono headset profile .
pulp cleans out very easy every time also .
no belt clip would be my only complaint .
it is a keeper , feels solid and durable .
this does not work with the ipad 3 .
the top is hard so maybe better protection .
it is a great size for a bowl .
i highly recommend purchasing one as they become available .
i believe all those 5 star reviews are fake .
i see they 're no longer advertised as multi-coated .
it never drops or gives me any trouble .
for me there is nothing better to cook with .
if you have long thick hair dont get this .
it made all of our knives super sharp .
this game dose n't compare to the other systems .
firstly , the field of view is ridiculously narrow .
this cast iron allows higher heat and non stick .
this game is a complete waste of time .
fill the basin completely , then pour it out .
good on bed table for cool late night drink .
we bought this because we sometimes make beef jerky .
oxo = great design concept , but poor quality .
i tried to reset , and every thing else .
no one has a phone like it anymore .
this shirt is pretty and in great detail .
the earpiece has nice comfortable feel to it .
accompanying the monotony i described earlier is confusing navigation .
i will be buying more from this seller .
i was running flat out for some 20 mins .
am going to buy another for my laundry room .
glad it came with two extra wires , however .
this is so easy to use and clean .
nice big handle is easy on your hands too .
i would definitely order more in different colors .
in fact , we learnt about it from friends .
this is not a high end cookie press .
bought is in a 42dd for 'non-work ' hours .
i also did n't notice the smell so bad .
you can always depend on a zwilling j.a .
nice rubber grips so your fingers do n't slip .
the name fido in the title threw me .
i see nothing like this in the indigo prophecy .
pick up some vitamin water or crystal light instead .
detailing is not very good for this price .
i do like this board for its size .
i tried it for five days sent it back .
wouldnt accept a refund , pretty upset about it .
maybe it 's not meant for my hair type .
this pillow is hard and hurts my lower back .
did not impact usability so i did n't care .
this is our third one of these granpappy 's .
it tastes fine the way it comes out .
and no amount of brushing made it blend in .
it is also often the most exciting part .
i did not care for this product at all .
great headset for the novice user or experienced .
and for a very short bit , it did .
all three of have used them with no complaints .
the original one lasted at least 5 years .
not sure what there is to say about this .
then the phone has a life of its own .
the entire length of spoon is 11 inches .
could not ask for a better set of earpieces .
i use them for my cake decirating class .
i 've purchased many of these throughout my lifetime .
i find it a very capable and versatile machine .
the coffee stays nice and hot for hours .
no stuck peels & peels quickly with no issue .
fruit & nut bread is our favorite so far .
not just the hole for the vibrate switch .
i bought these thinking 'what a nice color ' .
the balance is great and the feel is nice .
i prefer to have the shiny stainless steel look .
no importing of old characters into new game .
i averaged 3 coasters out of 25 disks .
i thought the concept of this was awesome .
no one has asked me to repeat anything .
these headphones would most likely fall off often .
this scoop puts all the others to shame .
unpairing and repairing will not resolve this problem .
no streaks and the glass is crystal clear clean .
this is the most annoying toy my daughter owns .
i 'll never buy sony cd rom discs again .
i was disappointed when this mostly plastic appliance arrived .
this radio worked great for about 4 months .
i was quite satisfied with it until recently .
secondly the butter really does n't taste like butter .
at first i was really happy with these .
the price went up about $ 2 per mitt .
the card slots in the wallet are too tight .
it 's definitely not high end or even mediocre .
i have a galaxy 3 and she has stratosphere .
it also has a higher risk of causing obesity .
i would have liked it to be longer .
now its a hell to swollow this.product really works .
does what it says and does it well .
ordered this hoping it would solve the problem .
blocks by electron hut - free tetris clone5 .
the poly boards are easy on expensive knives .
after he took the glue off it works .
this is well-made product with good design and price .
i was looking forward to trying this out .
this thing is amazing , works like a charm .
obviously sound does come out of the earbuds .
i ordered this one and it fit perfectly .
i just received this case for my motorola atrix .
anyway , returned it and ordered a different one .
please consider yourself warned before buying this game .
and my kids love it for cereal bowls .
just love making three cups of stove top espresso .
of course i tried this without wetting it .
with this coffee maker , i am saving water .
call quality is strong and you get reception everywhere .
i bought these and wo n't do it again .
that lock works great and is easy to operate .
never ever ever buy card board scratch pads .
it has lasted through a lot of choppings .
this is a very nice looking and sturdy stool .
i do n't get the hype that otterbox receives .
i really like soft , fresh and sweet scents .
this screen protector fits my wifes droid 3 perfectly .
the same goes for their power cleaning technology .
i love how easy they are to store .
juices are always spot on and easy to clean .
the charger worked great and served its purpose well .
now for a few of my very strong reservations .
buy 2 from superbright then compare it to these .
wish the other colors and sizes were still available .
i reported it havent heard a word about it .
all knives need to be sharpened sooner or later .
the probe burned out after only one use .
the micro usb connector appeared to be too short .
really like the glass bottle and solid metal top .
the anti glare feature of them is nice too .
so that 's the history of bread knives here .
handles curve to support spoon from falling over .
it grinds very well at various degrees of fineness .
others have noted the handles tend to bend .
they hurt my ears and are super fragile .
would certainly recommend this to everyone that enjoys cooking .
the metal is thicker than cookie cutters for sure .
the pitcher itself is sturdy and easy to handle .
you use elbow grease to get it to work .
the suction on this little machine is unreal .
the boots do n't keep water or slush out .
the wand extension works very well without undue effort .
most 27.145 cars are just labelled 27 mhz .
more later when i get to know this thing .
thanks for an easy transaction and a good product .
i think it drains faster than it fills .
i wash my hands and the smell goes away .
voice activation with extreme2 on blackberry works perfectly fine .
of course the rice container needs replacing already .
they constantly tell me my voice is breaking up .
amazon and the seller were excellent for the return .
i use it to julienne zucchini and eggplant .
this cartridge is better tasting than the whip-it brand .
i used a metal nail file to flatten it .
seller was grreat and should get five stars .
not an acceptable solution for $ 125 plus blades .
finally i installed it on my dell desktop computer .
we love making our own corn tortillas with this .
they both work and are 6 feet long .
i have worn flexees for quite some time .
for the price though , it is a beast .
those are a good alternative to potato chips .
my dog had unraveled the braid within 30 minutes .
even without the case it just tilts backwards .
i thought this would be a great alternative .
totally makes your phone different but not worth it .
the controls are on the right ear side .
if i could give it zero stars i would .
i purchased four of them from a local store .
i was so excited to get this item .
the handles are fastened by only one screw .
i once pledged my love to it as well .
it hurts when doing anything other than just standing .
was very pleased with this feature.but buyer beware .
so , you can immediately forget keeping dust out .
outdoor environments make a change from usual fps.con 1 .
it 's a charger what more can be said .
false advertising and i could not be helped .
this thing is a huge piece of disappointing junk .
highly recommended for use in you food processor .
they fit ok , but still a bit snug .
read the ingredients list , or google the subject .
i 'm curious to check out the larger version .
i have not seen a difference on me either .
back to the lids - they are air tight .
i installed this item on a vacation cabin .
bed bath & beyond replaced the entire mixer .
i could not wear it under a shirt .
this is my third attempt to buy a frother .
will undoubtedly throw it away before too long .
the case provides great protection with limited added bulk .
btw plantronics voyager hd best bt i have owned .
unable to repair the simplest scratch for repair .
these are the best liners i have ever used .
i good rinse with water is just as good .
this is a great size for shredding veggies .
i did n't like the gelcaps on this product .
it also pops the inexpensive popcorn very well .
it is of really great quality , very heavy .
the next one had the arm fall off .
she doubted its ability to replace the oven .
i 've recommended it to a few people also .
they are expensive , but the feel is incredible .
my finger slides across the screen better too .
from a fit and finish point of view .
it was died a long time ago , though .
this was a gift for my brothers iphone .
rapheal has the quickest , shortest and least damaging .
yesterday i broke one of my electric kettles .
i decided to take my chances with caution .
my mother told me that her mother loved fiestaware .
even flipping the power switch on-and-off had no effect .
wish i hadnt given my old one away .
an terrific pan , which is used almost daily .
there are better and less costly products available .
this is the classic drinking glass throughout europe .
do yourself a favor and dont buy this garbage .
this spice tower is the epitemy of bad design .
the pain created by linksys is beyond belief .
there was some leakage so i was already apprehensive .
it is great for marinating my chicken or porkchops .
why spend more for a name and less ports .
i have used this to cut through watermelon .
does not hold a charge like the orginal battery .
i have the spatula and perforated scoop as well .
when you need to take a quick pic especially .
expect to replace them with a new set soon .
it starts off brilliant and great to play .
these are so sturdy , yet still aesthetically appealing .
the stoes are beautiful and bright with fantastic sparkle .
i was trying to put the case on wrong .
he loves sweet potato so i tried it .
then i put the container in the refrigerator .
i 'd buy more if i ever need them .
however , it seems a tad noisy to me .
this drink barely passes for a coffee drink .
the only decision was which color to get .
stank up my whole night - piece of junk .
even theweiman stainless steel wipeswork better then this product .
we have three blade safes for our victorinox knives .
i turned the pump 90 degress and tried again .
it 's nice and thick and holds heat great .
it is built extremely well , and works great .
i initially gave this a 5 star rating .
cute cute cute ! it was everything i expected .
the other is a galaxy tab charging cable .
the ad and the box say 4 bottle rack .
this did not work for me at all .
my dog slipped out of it on first outing .
they are an excellent buy and i recommend .
this is ok if you never make espresso .
went to snap it on and it broke .
ive used a lot of this with my pigs .
this product is not fit for the purpose sold .
i will be buy more of these activation kit .
starting back with my iphone 3gs and the defender .
i add melted butter and lite salt after popping .
it looks spotless and shiny after each use .
ive been through 2 dual car charger adapters .
it falls short in terms of weapon realism too .
hard or soft this one slices them all .
had them for years now with no problems .
small and fits under or in the cabinet .
but , it was gentle on my sensitive skin .
good product , works perfectly in my blackberry 8900 .
a must have for anyone in the kitchen ! .
sized inconsistent with every other sweatshirt i own .
so i foolishly threw away the box and receipt .
the connector just snaps after 2-3 weeks of use .
this is my second otterbox for my iphone 3gs .
and cast iron is easy to clean and maintain .
just got it today and so far so good .
cycled once and the rims are breaking off .
i will do a half recipe next time .
the tanks are very easy to fill and/or empty .
everywhere else they were asleep at the wheel .
a lot of resistance when trying to draw .
thank-you black & decker for not letting me down .
i used to eat these a long time ago .
no amount of salt can give this slop flavor .
got free shipping & $ 25.00 off the order .
do yourself a favor and get a real compass .
i bought this product based on many good review .
never worked from the first day i had it .
bought this toy for the kids at christmas .
i would never buy this flavor again though .
they take no responsibility for their product at all .
it is definitely work getting for your phone .
my husband and i are average veggie eaters .
for an inexpensive case this one worked great .
the second hose arrived on august 20 , 2013 .
i would give it zero stars if i could .
i was going to keep this as a backup .
the monsters just spawn then run at you .
i read good reviews on amazon and bought this .
the size is perfect and has so many uses .
i 'm not sure why others are having problems .
they are great pans , no problems at all .
like this b/c no glare on sunny summer days .
we replaced it with this and are very pleased .
it is great for slicing and shredding as well .
holds my iphone 5 very securely to my motorcycle .
i can not with good conscience recommend this product .
has a nice grip and design , seems sturdy .
but i like that this one has a handle .
this is just a flimsy piece of blue plastic .
very good docking station for my galaxy s4 .
make sure you order the size right for you .
so far i 'm 9/10ths satisfied with my purchase .
even when it did work it was really sloooow .
have had no problems at all with this unit .
not bulky and feels good in the hand .
this is a cheap scope with poor optics .
it extended my service another 6 months as advertised .
you can use them in tiers , or seperately .
they last reasonably well for the work they do .
i should have read the reviews before buying these .
the battery was still at a full 4 bars.2 .
they are great because they hold the heat .
these pots keep coffee hot for over an hour .
i have not had that with other bands .
it is extremely light with a very comfortable band .
some even lost them after one or two washings .
the first recipe cut in half makes 5 waffles .
we have had no problems with the knives .
excellent quality for the lesser calphalon cookware line .
the small tip is great for snipping smaller flowers .
then i tried getting the spring back on it .
works ok as an audio cd player though .
the edges at corner would not let it work .
it left funky looking grease stains on my clothes .
currently looking into how to swap it out .
i purchased these to go along with my foodsaver .
the price is very fair considering the quality .
so far it 's not even working that well .
it leaves some funny feelings in my throat .
cutting bread without a bread knife is futile exercise .
the sound a whale makes is a splash .
this is not a good choice to buy .
nothing beats ice cold water on a hot day .
just try something a little bit different next time .
what more could you want from a thermometer ? .
i am actually afraid to open the remaining jars .
i have found these to be very handy .
it might not fit perfect but it works great .
bought this to use with my droid x .
these hold up even when dipping monster cake pops .
eco styler is dead to me.edit : march 6 .
that plastic piece looks so cheap and tacky .
there are better long lasting products out there .
and made me start looking at the ingredient list .
i wish i could fing one better built .
i guess they just like the 'catching ' part .
really frustrating to take out on fresh snow .
my dog nearly choked on the polyester stuffing inside .
i thought i would really like this product .
easy access in and out and very comfortable .
i will not buy refills until they do .
but , it sure is saving my arthritic wrists .
good idea which was poorly and cheaply executed .
i work full time and my garden is small .
the knife sharpens easily and cleans up rapidly .
12+ years of daily use and still works perfectly .
too noisy to please me for anything except experimentation .
they are basically the same thing as verizons .
you get boiling water in last than a minute .
i would not recommend this item to anyone .
i was very disappointed with how it was made .
the first was a cheaper version which i returned .
at first i was delighted with it , however .
this product does what it is designed to do .
i took it off after a couple of trys .
i had bought this item for a silly reason .
useless , the rake does not do the scooping .
the rose looks very tacky & cheap in person .
and the waist comes far above the belly button .
it 's more of a filler for a dish .
there are so many expensive natural products out there .
i wish i could get my money back .
save your money and buy a real game console .
i had great expectations when i bought this headphones .
they are the dullest blades i 've ever used .
might have gotten a fake one or something .
we have not used it with a phone .
i made bread twice with the same result .
i used it three times then threw it away .
that is where my phone began to work .
this little cable works perfectly with my galaxy nexus .
it is just a hard plastic shape with spikes .
i have heard many fake copies of this charger .
i wasted my time and money on this product .
i ride a bike indoors during the winter months .
i have two sets and love these bowls .
one button controls everything.i have only a couple complaints:1 .
also , this bra is as thin as pantyhose .
makes it possible to load more food for grinding .
this is a good emergency brush or travel brush .
just what i needed to make artisan bread .
i guess you get what you pay for .
you will save yourself a lot of trouble .
this frother has made it all so easy .
the covers on the inputs are a nuisance however .
the spout on the glass is good for pouring .
not a functional or performance issue just a comment .
i have used a lot of screen protectors .
this product does not do the job as advertised .
i always cream my hair before blow drying it .
clean magic eraser to get rid of them .
the belt clip seems more durable as well .
it does add to the weight of your phone .
this includes a consistently well-brewed cup of coffee .
you do n't even have to reshape the bill .
i bought these coins for my board games .
my one concern is the very thin power connector .
would recommend this to zebra print lovers ! .
no more guests covering their eyes on new years .
the profile is exactly the same as this knife .
its attractive and can sit on the table .
i really like them and the panini maker alot .
i reorganized my entire spice rack using these jars .
this still isnt worth even close to 60 dollars .
now i have sewn the button on by myself .
therefore they would let in plenty of surrounding noise .
i deducted a star from my rating for this .
did not create a matte finish and stung .
should have waited but i was in a hurry .
this can opener is simple to operate and safe .
they finally said they would give me a refund .
but other than that , i love this thing .
and this thing just barely wraps around her .
it protects the phone and makes it cuter .
i put this on mine i needed one anyways .
i would n't say that pedipaws was incredibly fast .
i ended up feeding mine to the squirrels .
i have no complaints about this except the shield .
it is made for woman of size large .
incredible product and so thrilled that i ordered it .
this pot is great if you like percolated coffee .
well , this unit works just fine for me .
it was like eating plain flour and water .
i personally have never been a fan of oatmeal .
it is easy to use and clean after use .
the talktime battery life is about what i expected .
at first i was very happy with it .
i can hear this thing throughout the house .
careful now just buy while you are here .
am impressed with the quality for the price .
for the money , this little eureka is excellent .
the entire picture turns solid white from glare .
if you want non-bitter coffee , use these filters .
i never use soap on the cast iron pans .
first case that does not distort flash pictures .
i bought my first one of these in walmart .
i have had no sticking or breakage like others .
i would not recommend this wig cap at all .
i personally find that to be a practical placement .
i found this version very boring and repetitive .
some products cause me to have a rash .
i get my milk from my own goats .
quick to set up and quick to use .
i actually had some hamburger in my fridge .
read the reviews and bought this with some hesitation .
it would be nice if it stayed stiff .
quite inexpensive too , and the shipping was fast .
the device wo n't charge and is not durable.3 .
it fits perfectly , and offers decent scratch protection .
i was happy to pass this one on .
comet/sos brillo pads are the tried and true cleansers .
seems they went bachward from the first one .
this is simply a worthless piece of junk .
it does not keep her attention for very long .
just a little too big for my taste .
does the job with a great price tag .
not needed at all for a good game .
my experience is with the g5 not the s50 .
a complete waste of time & money for me .
excellent item and not just for the money .
there is no tea in this product to ttaste .
this is truly a game that plays itself .
no fear of phone slipping out of my hand .
does nothave enough power to give a decent shave .
but that could be my hair is short .
my 16 month old recieved this for christmas .
i am still looking for the perfect iphone case .
my ride is an amd 2200+ with 512 ddr400 .
finally broke down and spent the money on this .
i just thought it would be much bigger .
i 've used a lot of harsh facial cleansers .
i have almost every wilton yearbook since 1977 .
high quality construction and commercial look to it.minuses:1 .
i ordered three of these for my church .
these cookie cutters make intricate shapes a snap .
there are n't any stupid fouls or questionable shots .
its ok for the people like basic cell phone .
a light goes on when the machine needs decalcification .
in short , this is one great waffle maker .
same problem with the denting.would i recommend ? nope .
i am also very happy with dunlop 's cookbook .
she was delighted with the performance and quality .
bring back the old pc games of the 80s .
she has always liked the harvest moon series .
i have n't tried it on leather or vinyl .
there are lots or really weird glitches too .
it was a perfect fit and required no trimming .
so far so good.then came the reliability issues .
when he changes appearance , you change defensive magic .
once on the lid will stay in place .
price was right and i got it on time .
the picture on amazon is a better match .
i keep it at work to core apples .
all the common measurements and a convenient key ring .
i told him to just send it back .
it is fantastic once you get past the assembly .
so cheap though i just bought another one .
weeks later i did get the refund from amazon .
i plugged in a mouse and it worked perfectly .
insert blank floppy with the tab set to unlock .
basically , it gave me a year of service .
the filter basket is a nightmare to remove .
we knew we were paying for these flaws .
i do n't put many miles on these things .
i have no problem with the temperature at all .
do n't waste your money on the cuisinart dbm-8 .
plenty of better choices in this price range .
use the bottle then start with your pump .
nothing in my kitchen is handled with care .
i would recommend buying a more expensive brand .
do n't know why others are having a problem .
the color went there i do not know .
i normally used long tongs to lift the cover .
these fill the bill at an affordable price .
both have negative reactions like skin peeling and dryness .
the quality of this cutting board is very good .
i 've bought this item before with no problems .
now i use mine about 5-7 times per week .
it is a great buy for the price .
the fit has opening so every port is accessible .
removed the crank on the non-drive side with difficulty .
but then again it was not expensive at all .
it lasted 4 good years until this tragic event .
i purchased to include it on my survival pack .
contacted seller and she refunded my money promptly .
i wish i had this whisk years ago .
i 've experience this talking volume in blackberry devices .
more than half full , but less than 2/3 .
initially i was pleased with this for basic typing .
and you do you want them off its easy .
this hoover is easy to use and works well .
the e-mail support i got was of no use .
i like it , serves a great basic case .
i am very surprised at the overwhelmingly positive reviews .
i bought this for ginger and it works perfectly .
so i quit this game soon after i started .
nice cheap cable to keep around in different places .
i bought this product because of its discounted coupon .
this one appears well made , looks good too .
oh , and it has very good nonstick coating .
the side and top buttons are more than usable .
my cats have never had a problem with it .
i went back to my old cheap garlic press .
however it does work as a great antioxidant .
it does what it is supposed to do .
i would recommend a high end hoya or tiffen .
i had to send them an email about it .
this review is for the black leather case .
i ca n't even get through the leaky cauldren .
what can i say it 's a ipod usb .
the material is very different from the other ball .
highly recommend if you need a knife sharpener .
i ordered this case and the speck candyshell case .
there are a few problems with this item .
makes a great for baking in the oven .
i was able to get relatively hard ice cream .
as it ages , it is harder to maintain .
it looks good and it works just fine .
using it with an xperia x10 and galaxy s2 .
it 's great for the price and works excellent .
this spoon , is perfect for what i needed .
yet this is my least favorite game so far .
both are higher priced , but much better quality .
the main problem is that it is painfully slow .
i purchased this with 5 other norpro kitchen utensils .
stop getting cheap cases and get a real case .
it only protects the back cover from scratches .
the one i bought was for a little girl .
used them for replacing my droid led screen .
i 've rarely seen a product built this poor .
i pressed down and found that it was bowed .
this happened to me a number of times .
you might as well use mayonaise in your hair .
the boxwave worked well on both of them .
turns out i like the old one better .
i tried not to use it - no headache .
the strainers are a perfect size for this task .
you just have to play around with it .
other than that , it holds my phone comfortably .
the radio presets are also a pain to use .
i upgraded my computer when i got this game .
clips were of very cheap material as well .
the age factor on this toy is very wrong .
i tried a few times and gave up .
the first failed by corrupting files in 7 days .
you have to stand the phone straight up .
i was excited to receive my jetseal 109 .
makes it slightly harder to slide/press on screen icons .
a very nice feature is the warmup cycle .
however i would not rely on the strainer .
it has columbia written in front and back .
always helpful when trying to get a good fit .
works like a charm with my evo shift .
so that is sixteen years ago as of today .
but that was the first bag we bought .
maybe someone should make wifi sport headphones for joggers .
they also looked like cheap plastic not leather .
i think the battery should last longer than that .
i only use this occasionally to grind spices .
the cuisinart mini is a great little chopper .
nor could i find things for the same reason .
i went with this one because it was insulated .
what a great price for this little gadget .
the word tripod adapter is the clue word .
one for cat food and one for cooking .
dr suggested thigh high needed support stockings upcoming flight .
my only issue now is how to store this .
att guarantee these case just for a year .
thought i was ordering a belgian waffle maker .
this is an ok lotion for a guy .
no luck at all because im only c-in black .
this worked well for a cheap throwaway samsung phone .
you just have to experiment with your microwave .
not sure this works at keeping mice away .
i have to add my 5-stars to the rest .
there were not absorbent enough for a dog .
do n't waste your money on these cheap styluses .
just peal of the shield and start over .
they fit just fine on my bb 9700 .
it offers good protection and is quite attractive .
stays attached to the counter top during use .
the connection is tight and easy to use .
the clip broke after maybe a week if that .
people with sensitive skin should avoid this product .
would buy one again and recommend to another .
the fan appears to be very well made .
i do wish it did a bit more .
the coffee tastes much richer and more flavorful .
they need to contact the grill surface to cook .
i wanted a thermal design at an reasonable price .
this is a very good tripod for the money .
this is the same one as the 4qt .
we served delicious turkey for both thanksgiving and christmas .
but now the game does n't work at all .
the case fit the iphone perfectly while staying slim .
i ca n't see it ever breaking or rusting .
i really love my sprint 4g wireless broadband .
it is now getting charged , and looks great .
the battery life seems to be pretty good .
try at your own risk and see for yourself .
also ur body can only take in 25g .
overall , this product is ok for the price .
so to solve that problem you need a case .
the sizing on this brand is way off .
it was only included headset and wall charger .
the pourable stopper keeps the bags in , nicely .
i have a wide head and long hair .
i have an older version of the same pan .
today , i am a much happier bowflex user .
here are two additional steps we take for this .
get my heart rate as high as 163 .
it holds my htc one s very well .
i ca n't honestly believe anyone likes that feeling .
the machine is easy to assemble and disassemble .
it is presented as doing more than it does .
all in all , very happy with the purchase .
it also works good for making small pizzas .
purchased this to make both applesauce and tomato sauce .
this product is greasy and it smells very bad .
i do not have a big head , really .
i am satisfied with this less expensive earbuds .
10- or 12-inch would be more useful for everyday .
when using convection the fan is nice and quiet .
i wish i would have chosen a different one.problems:1 .
we found this game to be really dull .
on paper hellfire seems like a great idea .
i am trying a nother natural deordorant now .
for learners , something less complex would be better .
dropped my rating from four stars to two .
i know own about 15 of these different covers .
i have had a hard time finding these .
i tried adjustment of the mirror without mounting it .
it 's very sharp and very easy to use .
so far these egg rings work very well .
this pitcher size is perfect and well built .
i will not be using this product again .
the graphics actually look worse then the previous games .
i had to try again to make it work .
the pancakes are cute , my son loves them .
i tried it on damp hair , dry hair .
alot of them have been not so fantastic .
pity , because most of their supplements are excellent .
i guess you get what you pay for .
the flavor on these is pretty gross though .
i plan to buy another for my other car .
i only had it for about a month .
the first pair was replaced twice through the warranty .
so stupid since a chemical is a chemical regardless,3 .
have tried to review this item 3 times .
unfortunately this is not compatible with nexus 5 .
i might place some sort of pad under it .
will continue to pay for itself throughout its lifespan .
again cast iron has never been this easy .
these titles will not disapoint as this title did .
the inclusion of more road courses adds great variety .
doesnt really work - just makes the screen darker .
i dropped the holder one day and it broke .
i was disappointed in the product packaging itself .
i took a chance , and i bought it .
i was not pleased with the picture at all .
we purchased a cuisinart dcc-1200 in june 2010 .
these may say samsung but are not the quality .
not what i expected based on the sales pitch .
after reading the reviews i decided to buy .
worked great on my phone while it was on .
i liked the mirror aspect to this cover .
it is well constructed out of durable stainless steel .
the masacra was dry when i opened it .
sending 8mp pics as mms via tmo ? cough .
gee , after the desert world i go to .
beautifully polished metal with no noticeable flaws anywhere .
this product is designed to capture tiny mice .
i 'll probably need to buy another one soon .
at this value i ordered several of these chargers .
it does not smell though so that 's truthful .
i also have an over the range microwave .
and it does n't appear they can stretch out .
i am very happy with this particular thermometer .
but , these boots are just kind of sloppy .
the only downside to an otherwise brilliant grill .
this is by far the worst sonic game ever .
it is what it is , a battery holder .
this is really just an over priced emollient .
they are secured together with a plastic ring .
definitely would recommend it for any amateur baker .
the transformation is great to look at too .
the new plunger design of the grinder is idiotic .
i feel it is much nicer than pictured .
both phones i used were on the compatible list .
the button stops working and then that 's it .
the blueant headset works exactly how its billed .
this game has been unplayable for five years now .
i may end up gluing it in place .
very easy to use for the smallest project .
it pairs up in seconds to my iphone .
i would recommend to anyone who needs it .
the nokia 5800 is more fun than a blackberry .
i highly recommend it and the price is great .
i did like the color of this cap .
i could not find information on battery replacement .
baking results have always been good and as expected .
i was torn between three and four stars .
saw double images no matter where they were focused .
i am very glad that i purchased this product .
it 's also the perfect tool for grilled asparagus .
thank god it survived to have a third title .
the look is better quality than the speaker .
cuisinart 's stainless steel interior is amazingly *un* sticky .
i 'm so happy to have found this item .
but this is a horrible drink for me .
logos on them and packed in a plastic bag .
i find this my perfect answer to that need .
i 've been recommending it to everyone i know .
but the 9 inch does does a good job .
these are going to last me for years .
but buyers believe it on the printed label .
but it 's a great addition for our kitchen .
this is what i bought this blender to do .
it was just no fun for me.gameplay was disappointing .
the stone is starting to become nicely seasoned .
thinks my nokia lumia 900 is the xprt .
mine lasted 4 days before the screen quit .
remembered that i needed to do a review .
the jabra headphones were very easy to set up .
i thought it was n't going to fit it .
i did it without my husband my assistance .
the folding one is the one we liked best .
i am unable to make any settings adjustments .
this will provide basic protection from bumps and dings .
this thing collects dirt like you would n't believe .
this is a very poor quality and dangerous toy .
comes in a 5 pack and very cheap .
i like that is is durable and washable .
the lid has a very nice tight fit.chris olsen .
the idea of this case is pretty good .
like my slippers are slick on the bottoms .
maybe that will redeem it enough to keep it .
too short for heels and too long for flats .
it only has markings for up to one cup .
i personally think otterbox failed with this one .
i have been buying oxo peelers for years .
so many of them were a terrible price .
will be buyinh for my friends phones next .
i like using this slotted spoon very much .
i like this blue tooth because it is clear .
this router seems to have problems creating connections .
i 'm very surprised by all the great reviews .
this do not taste like equal at all .
this cereal is sweeter than the name might imply .
i use it to clean counter tops as well .
i like bamboo steamers for cooking my vegetables .
meat , vegetables of all measure soft or hard .
i use this 3 to 4 times a week .
the motorola reads incoming text messages to me .
very sturdy with a good selection of teeth sizes .
that they are beautiful is an added bonus .
i have had zero issues with this mixer .
here are some of the problems i ran into:1 .
i just threw the box away all together .
spend a little more and get better quality .
i dont think this eye primer works very well .
there are a lot of problems with this toy .
its great for business use , meetings and more .
the game play is very poor and kluggy .
this is my 2nd steamer and they work great .
this will be my last braun coffee maker .
the quietest humidifier we have is an ultrasonic .
so it blew my expectations out of the water .
sounds clear and does not bother my ears .
i 've had this for a few months now .
also the material is n't your typical jean material .
it 's a great idea but not well executed .
smooth and easy to slide your finger on .
and i did read the instructions word for word .
i sorry i wasted my money on this product .
my grandmother had the percolator going all day long .
the sides and back are cheaply thrown together .
the color is nice and it is assembles easily .
i have not been disappointed in any way .
save yourself the shipping cost and buy something else .
these are very useful because of the soft heads .
currently in use in bedroom closet for storage .
i have other pans if i need more space .
this must be more ideal for a handgun .
buying these are like buying a cheap bike .
i wonder if sanyo has corrected this problem ? .
os 10.2 is the _maximum_ for this card .
this router is a real bag of troubles .
the only thing missing is an on/off switch .
some of the cracks have gotten pretty large .
my dog was able to break this in two .
love the simple pattern on the front and back .
the quality of the boots are very poor .
i have gotten lots of comments on it .
all of thr favors were dark and muddy .
its small and useless like a tiny rothco knife .
so far i 've grilled shrimp and made pancakes .
varieties of vanilla and caramel are my favorites .
the glass itself is pretty heavy and sturdy .
convincing yourself to chew this takes true grit .
hot enough to curl other lashes i 'm sure .
it is easy to change voltages , when necessary .
the rubber can absorb most impact damage.very good case .
sure i can take a blow torch to it .
i recommended to buy f1.8 and save the extra .
i can not spend any more time with it .
very dis-appointing since haggar is such a reputable manufacturer .
worth the extra money if you cook a lot .
it 's sturdy & the phone is well protected .
your handle will not get hot at low heat .
the unit would not operate in an upright position .
i think the fill tank is hard to open .
it is generously sized and great for one-pot dishes .
i never got much use out of them .
loved the price and the size of these spoons .
no more sounding like i 'm in a tunnel .
apparently there 's a bad seam in it somewhere .
i have always wanted a mortar and pestle .
it sharpens well with my chefs choice electric sharpener .
even memorex 4x burns at 6x on my burner .
my onboard lan went out on a gigabyte motherbaord .
this chocolate covered strawberries bar was pretty disgusting .
it washes off easily but does n't smudge ever .
ive used it once and it charges quickly .
that was it , everything else came back positive .
this is a nice , well made wok ring .
the solution should be soapy , but not bubbly .
if that changes i will update this review .
online i found many people with the same issue .
we decided to try a less expensive brand .
while i was making cookie dough it turned off .
these will hold up to some tough home use .
concept is wonderful but could be made much better .
these leggings are really thin and somewhat sheer .
had the same issues when listening to others .
i love oxo and this item does n't disappoint .
the snugglesafe comes with a fluffy paw-print cover .
have them on the fridge for easy access .
there are the goths , the artsy people etc .
i gave her the cover to keep it clean .
the profile of this card is n't the best .
a fun gift for a moose loving friend .
however , it did not do so great- disappointing .
i expected it monday but got it sunday .
the price is definitely fair for this product.highly recommend .
for the price i paid , i was disappointed .
you could never wear this under a t-shirt .
i check every of the parts is work ok .
there are kids in the game and normal people .
speaker stands can easily be over-priced at the store .
i would most definitely recommend this item to others .
maybe you saw the original version of this review .
diappointing when it is clearly made for nano tanks .
the sizes are in easy to see colors .
not at all what i was looking for .
it does n't change my idea of the headphones .
now i do n't know which one i like .
the charge is good and do n't take forever .
i am 5 foot 9 and 130 pounds .
this attached perfectly to our kitchen aid mixer .
this isnt worth the shipping i paid on it .
it 's simply a black and white touch screen .
nice basic one-piece case for the evo 4g .
product shipped within time frame expected & packaged well .
take that per-unit price and multiply it by 144 .
save your money and get one somewhere else .
i was expecting a lot more from these .
the characters are cool but i got bored .
these energizer only lasted a few days before failure .
as usual i restarted the phone and it worked .
brought it for my wife new droid razr m .
when all the cloves are peeled cleanup is easy .
and this is the best at doing that .
i can finally make biscuits in a manly size .
but more offensively , it was grainy and chewy .
i 'm pleased with the purchase and the price .
however recording a choir or something would work .
great for whatever use you may need it for .
they sent me a list of reputable repair places .
i love this little kitchen tool and its accessories .
not the quality you would expect from hanes .
the sound is good for such a small product .
i was primarily interested in purchasing an attractive dish .
only annoyance is the lack of on/off switch .
the clarity and evenness of my skin are unchanged .
and caused it to pop off on many occasions .
this one takes twice as long to warm food .
it allows me to play with my food .
its very soft and can be applied easily .
i have a cast iron pan from the lodge .
i wore it for few hours that day .
i used it a lot when traveling as well .
the nunchuck is also how you 'll move around .
second it was made by people who use iphones .
the usb charging cable is only 12 inches long .
this is your standard brita filter pitcher only slimmer .
that in itself aids the appreciation of any whiskey .
yes , it looked damn cool in the trailers .
this case also comes with a screen protector .
probably ok if you had a droid 3 .
it worked the first time we plugged it in .
most every quality blender has weight to it .
still have to open door because of smoke though .
the ice-cream maker seems to work perfectly fine .
this is my second zojirushi that i have purchased .
my friend and i both wanted bread machines .
inexpensive bluetooth speaker with high volume , decent bass .
so , we originally got this to roast coffee .
at first i was really excited about it .
i traditionally use the bonny brand hawthorne strainer .
however , i ordered this toy from online discounters .
my car has bluetooth but no navigation system .
it does not have pockets , which is annoying .
i mean , i really like it a lot .
cheap does n't even begin to describe this product .
you have to learn how to use it .
my mother has been collecting fiesta ware for years .
nothing special but definitely nothing wrong with them .
it is easy to use and tenderizes the meat .
get something more expesive and save yourself a hassle .
collimation out of whack after a few months .
the charging cable almost touches the center console .
just thr right size for broiling for 2 .
the phone end of plug literally came apart .
works for all ages and levels of cooking expertise .
this case is so great i bought another one .
i was surprised this was so light weight .
and she was scratching and biting all the time .
i just ca n't say anything good about this .
i would n't bake half as much without it .
very happy with both the stand and the service .
too wide in heel and mid-foot for wearer .
i love hand lotions - just love them .
these spoons are good for both liquids and solids .
it was great for the first six months .
i put it on as i was supposed too .
too much effort and no fun at all .
these are over the ear which she enjoys more .
i bought two because i have two cats .
we often add thinly sliced black mushrooms and ginger .
but we do n't much like bathing with shrapnel .
made my first call a few seconds after that .
it wo n't slide when you have it sideways .
i even have an otterbox case on my ipad .
the taste was great compared to this brand .
maybe the texture ? they do smell rather chemical-ly .
this popcorn does not pop well at all .
or try those anker batteries as a spare .
i wish i could give it negative stars .
the oil feels nice and it spreads well .
this pair was not meant to be anything special .
my mother purchased this for my daughter for christmas .
it 's not worth the pain or the expense .
thelazer pointer and flashlight may come in handy .
you can walk upside down , side ways etc .
this vest looked soo cool in the picture .
almost as easy as an electric can opener .
it looks like one of those cheap window-tinting jobs .
that happened well with in the first two months .
they worked very well for the first too weeks .
the blue shirt is fine quality shirt all around .
my girlfriend & i went 50/50 on purchasing this .
it has to be in the case to charge .
i then swap it with a hoya hmc .
material was much lighter and felt cheaply made .
by far pgr2 and pgr3 are the best .
the face of the phone is completely exposed .
there are amazing raspberry salsad dressing put there .
the cord is a little under 2 feet .
all he did then was try to bury them .
this is a replacement product for the same .
the waffle irons themselves our shallow making thin waffles .
but this game is a big letdown.reason 1 .
i bought this because i liked the fragrance .
both hearts i got were amber/brown , not red .
i gave up waiting for windows phone 7 .
i recommend picking one of their other designs .
frankly , this gun is a waste of money .
this case is fantastic if you drop your phone .
i did a cookie test in these vs .
it made great popcorn but it finally fell apart .
i have many scars from moles being removed .
i should have know based on the smell .
there are no save points or check points .
it 's a deep dish but not overly deep .
no more weird locking of the radio anymore .
i just ran across it several months ago .
made my pizza and this pan was great .
nice idea with potential but poor design i think .
mostly serpa because of their positive retention system .
the case looked great and snapped on tight .
those are the things i 'm ultimately looking for .
this is just right for our two person family .
it 's pretty much a no brainer to use .
it gives an industrial-chic look to my kitchen .
do not stay on the crownbad productreally ! .
another fail on the part of the adapter .
nothing beats an aluminum cake pan with straight sides .
it says hard cover but its just cheap plastic .
i 'll stick with the ravioli in the future .
it 's just not usable for the purpose shown .
they arrived as promised and fit my machine perfectly .
i found this out by research on the internet .
it immediately went to 140 and sounded the alarm .
and for the price that you get it at .
the default headphones that came with ipod sound better .
another really nifty thing if you ask me .
the plus is that it does n't really shed.4 .
this is a great battery worth the buy .
i bought this well over 6 months ago .
this toy looked nice and appropriate for small dogs .
salad on one side , meat on the other .
all of them was the wet application type .
but the bubbles went away with enough massaging .
the plastic has no response on the touchscreen .
dont worry that is normal for this game .
you ca n't change from 1st to 3rd person .
also used the cream from the same company .
nice , hefty weight with a resilient nonstick finish .
it moved and shifted , phone never came on .
what the manufacture wont tell you about these sights .
this is a very handy thing to have .
they are medium weight metal with a black coating .
i would buy it again.i think it works well .
not impressed , plasticky feel and ran really small .
had no effect on my barrett's/gerd at all .
i use the one year service on my tracfone .
i was skeptical at first but wanted to try .
we are using these to hang christmas lights .
made getting in and out of a pocket difficult .
we did brine for 16 hours before roasting .
but it is perfect for a hard worker .
i think this is a good electronic gadget .
the timer feature on this machine is really useful .
everything fits well and there are no leaks .
it 's also a little too rough for me .
the soap was wrapped in disgusting butcher paper .
very unsatisfying - not worth the 220 calories .
medium and light beans , though grind up well .
but you ca get what you pay for .
both from the same product page.so my question .
i have very dry skin that is also mature .
i waited a long while before doing this review .
and an easy-to-keep-clean spun finish on the inside .
i have been using this in tea primarily .
it is intimated that these connectors prevent that .
what i got was just like a wedge .
love it ! i previously had the 11-cup cuisinart .
they went on easily by using zip ties .
these knives are the best i ever bought .
that was the second thing wrong with this game .
i thought it would be a good unit .
i would and have recommended to my friends .
this brings me to the reason i bought lashblast .
sunbeam ca n't hold a light to this ka .
i bought two of these for my sons recently .
the tivoli also has more detailed mids and highs .
we 've had this for a few years now .
the status light makes this item a real value .
i like my mushroom soup a little more substantial .
and it does not work with the smaller blocks .
our extremely active aussie/whippet mix loves this toy .
also works well for grating garlic and small spices .
i consider myself to be an excellent cook .
i will update when and if i do .
i recommend them to anyone who has the i4 .
the settings that exist have very little granularity .
i almost impaled myself trying to do basic chopping .
six years ago , i purchased four of them .
anyway , i know a little bit about sunglasses .
none of those negative comments have proven true .
i am certainly one of them.so , caveat emptor .
final edit 9/1/2013i gave these socks one last shot .
but this did not work for me at all .
too much of a hassle remove and take back .
i love to have lots of color around me .
i also read some good reviews on it .
the tortillas come out perfectly and did not stick .
the cover fits well and looks great to me .
next day it is shooting high and left .
very easy to adjust the thickness of the meat .
the socks were a lot thinner than expected .
you can answer or ignore calls by voice .
i bought one of these for a gift .
had one before and had to get another .
i like a product that holds the package securely .
they do not match up to the picture shown .
it pairs flawlessly and connects to both devices regularly .
it has 4 blinky lights on the back .
will not purchase and not recommend to anyone .
it sings a little song and makes the rice .
it 's perfect in the oven for pot roast .
i absolutely enjoy cutting my vegestables with this knive .
they have easy grip handles made out of rubber .
the recipe we made was the french vanilla .
the sgs ii has a horizontal camera/flash layout .
shipper did not deliver by date given by amazon .
trying to let it air out for a bit .
the product is fairly silent when in operation .
this is not fooling anyone not even a baby .
you also need to install the configuration software .
there are too many things that are problematic .
my dog ate through this in 1 day .
this game is way overrated and way overpriced .
so far we 've had no issues with it .
it charges my phone on and off now .
have had a ton of critters through that time .
it smells like something used on an automobile engine .
bought this to charge it in the car .
as usual , the book was received post haste .
then flip and cover for 3 more minutes .
the caller said that the mic sounded great .
the only lobster in the soup was some shell .
so i bought the tivoli model one radio .
i leave it for 9 hours in the machine .
good job kitchenaid.i hope this was helpful to you .
i do like the overall shape of the knife .
i love it ! best cover for apple i .
i recently purchased the nt70t and already love it .
coffee is much more flavorful in this pot .
the volume buttons very very dificult to use .
ok , they get one star for being attractive .
this made me think again about upgrading my system .
it will not break like the plastic ones do .
lodge comes pre-seasoned now and mine was excellent .
bought a couple of these for small bathrooms .
this is one item on her wish list .
secondly , the volume buttons are a bit stiff .
the entire unit is off-white / cream-colored / neutral .
i put it in my brand new nexus 5 .
it gets darker the more you use it .
it makes me very nervous to use this .
and she was especially disturbed that it was green .
the pouring spout works ok for latte art .
i think this is why it works so well .
love the sharp teeth on this.fabulous for making limeade .
this is a very nice stainless steel canning rack .
very disappointed that the heater did not work properly .
very good deal for what you pay for .
it is a favorite of my many bundts .
the blue buffalo i linked is excellent but expensive .
it was split open and could not be used .
i actually feel better reading all these horrible reviews .
i bought it specifically for use with the touchstone .
this set has become the standard at our house .
i can just glance at it and react accordingly .
so we will probably get a smaller one .
this will not replace a notebook computer or netbook .
it 's on par with most next generation games .
no excuse for a product in this price range .
the keyboard would not connect with the phones bluetooth .
we set unopened bottles of various sauces on top .
height , the 6 qt is only 2 in .
it came in a timely fashion and well packaged .
the case does not fit my phone well .
especially if you have a dark colored vehicle .
it 's great for making hot dips for parties .
i was a fanatic of sony for years .
well when i got them they do work .
i ordered this product for my anxiety attacks .
into the trash can went the fish oil .
they charge and sync the iphone just fine .
rubbing the hands together to liquify it is futile .
then i recently ordered a third for my sunglasses .
at $ 12.99 this is an excellent tea kettle .
worked great while i had the samsung gallaxy s3 .
the leg was only attached by elastic band .
had to purchase another item that would work .
so far we are very happy with this purchase .
i was never sure if the others were accurate .
if you lose that , you might be screwed .
i tried it on and it felt really good .
relatively thin compared to my full size stone .
i really like making brownies with this bowl .
the french press is the way to go .
pretty much all i ask for in a grinder .
they have been a great addition to my kitchen .
this cable does not work with galaxy s4 .
does a good job without a lot of effort .
i was surprised when i went to empty it .
all the others i had looked at did n't .
it cooks evenly and washes up just fine .
specially the pull out tray , to clean crumbs .
we bought them the newer version of the case .
my dog had one half piece this morning .
not sure about all the glowing reviews here .
i have most of these games on playstation 2 .
seller did great , but i had to return .
it turns too fast and is really loud .
i made a mistake on rating the knife .
i do n't like using the store bought kind .
these racks do not take up much counter space .
i have not yet used it but looking good .
japan does not make this kind of poor product .
i used it infrequently for about a year .
i did n't have any success with these treats .
how bad is that ? no replays at all .
it has a heavy and solid feel too it .
there also is n't any variety in the cars .
you have to fight nazi 's through the streets .
they were very narrow for d medium labeled shoes .
releases easy after pan is greased and floured .
too much work for kids always on the move .
i bought this as a gift for my sister .
this is just nintendo milking like they usually do .
so a run to the store for new batteries .
this is essentiall a large george foreman grill .
great for larger items like wood spoons too .
the psp is deja vu all over again .
it is a bad imitation of the samsung cable .
boy were those reviews experiencing strong cases of irony .
i think it just not machined very well .
it should come with different size ear pieces .
it 's rear claws scratched up the cabinet doors .
but make no mistake , its a great product .
batteries will run it for over 20 hours .
i ordered based on product name , not size .
my dog does not like it at all .
everyone loves it but they wo n't buy it .
these covers are perfect and exactly as pictured .
chinese edibles have already poisoned babies and pets .
i really was impressed in the way these fit .
i would recommend these dishes to a friend .
the package has two sizes 5 of each size .
i have had this for about 6 months now .
it does everything the moto droid did and more .
i did find some use for it though .
the cardboard tag in the bottom was also identical .
so i suspect a major flaw with the software .
we have gotten tons of compliments on them .
have not tried the usb port on charger .
eventually they all seem to leak around the shaft .
i like them a lot given the price .
i use my lid lifter all the time .
i am notorious for not recharging my phone .
it is complete and utter waste of money .
healthier than cooking in oil or microwave popcorn .
i figure i 've had it for 5 years .
you really do get what you pay for .
this is the perfect vessel to hold my starter .
it lasted two days , and then died again .
squaresoft and final fantasy games usually get great reviews .
i returned it immediately and received a replacement .
works okay on tablet but bulky for phone .
its a strong magnet so have no fear .
the indian kitchen products are much , much better .
works on the i phone and i touch .
i was super excited to give this a try .
but for me , the trouble overwhelms the joy .
i will attempt to return these to amazon .
the spring action is too loose for my preference .
it is larger in diameter than it appears .
also , has a bit of a chemical aftertaste .
the only draw back is it is bulky .
these were itchy at the end of the day .
the anchor points for the posts have broken repeatedly .
it also goes so in dept it is dumb .
super excited to have found this on amazon .
i could not stand the smell of this .
would buy again if these eventually wear out .
the setting are overly complicated could be alot simpler .
does n't fit in a regular sized pants pocket .
everything about this well-designed coffee maker is easy .
i like them however my kids perfer other bars .
after using this i was bleeding in three places .
no wonder she keeps having it muesli for breakfast .
they dont settle in their spots well at all .
instead i received a completely all black silicon case .
it 's that there is not enough to do .
the battery fit well , and has worked well .
we buy in bulk for our company i-phones .
even with the large silicone mat i have .
this screen works better than the average screen .
other than that it 's a great little headset .
but it does sound a little bit relaxed .
my dog loves these but i 'm not impressed .
attach the 5 parts together or whatever it is .
and the stainless steel makes clean up a breeze .
i suggest it for anyone looking for something .
would order again , good material and well made .
so not terrible , but not all that roomy.4 .
too bad the quality does n't match the looks .
unfortunately mine broke and the fan no longer spins .
messing with cereal boxes is such a pain .
seems well made , strong and easy to install .
i like it but its not the best ! .
there was not tracking number so that sucked .
you must unplug the unit to turn it off .
this little toaster oven is easy to use .
this garbage can is great for smelly items .
perfect for a small under cabinet drawer system .
there is nothing special about this side dish .
it is a diverse world.but these look terrible .
the cross hairs were also too thin for me .
this can cause a problem with the sensor .
the item is 10x smaller than the picture .
rather confusing exactly what it looks like hes doing .
i look forward to its release every single year .
it worked off-and-on with driver issues and connectivity issues .
just so aggravating that it 's not worth it .
it actually feels really good in my hand .
these are not the docs i normally wear .
i will probably stay with liquid versions now .
if you deadlift , you must have these headphones .
has held up really well after 6mos of use .
people who really need this functionality should look elsewhere .
better off buying the bags of rinds already prepaired .
dont buy this something on it burns your skin .
both of them are between 10 -13 lbs .
sometimes it is defeated by a well-stuck synthetic cork .
even with fully charged batteries the wand stops moving .
the mophie juice pack never has let me down .
i bought this and the key did n't work .
they not only appear identical but operate identically .
two applications only managed a dozen or so blackheads .
i tried comparing it to an ab lounge .
i purchsed this for my son the chef .
it can not be changed to a google default .
do not wash in dishwaser or soak in water .
i will need to replace this with something else .
this thing was awkward and hard to use .
we love our cast iron stuff from lodge .
i am still not sure anyone knows my name .
i still experience alot of breakage as well .
the consistency is worst i have ever used .
so i give those posters 1-star for their intelligence .
my old case was super soft and gel like .
i ordered this privacy screen for my phone .
the black color i received was gray and streaked .
hint : read the fine print about the filters .
in fact , one drink was all it took .
unfortunately , i had to stop taking this product .
the price was a steal on gold box day .
the bottom developed a hole after extremely light use .
i 've had various stock pots in the past .
seeds and dried pods with no flavor or heat .
this was round # 4 of 5 so far .
i serve our family of 6 in them .
i bought 4 before i found the right one .
completely not what i was expecting from betolli .
real boxers do n't throw 160 punches a round .
i gave it a 5 star for this reason .
ice cream balls also to be dipped in chocolate5 .
the quality of this tumbler justifies the price .
there was no extra bass nor extra treble .
looks as if someone dropped it in dirt .
bought one for each of my kids too ! .
now happy about this product what do ever .
you can make so many things into a panini .
this thermometer is accurate and quick to register temperature .
so i took the plunge and purchased this model .
the blueberry part definitely does n't taste like blueberry .
this does not taste at all like brown sugar .
wusthof classic knives are wonderful and are as advertised .
it always cleans to new , no matter what .
i find these liners to be completely useless .
we got this for our 2 year old daughter .
other than that i really like this product .
i bought it primarily on the sony name .
i really get use out of this cutter .
and it takes 30 minutes to dry each coat .
that comes in handy in a noisy space .
this is a seamless cup- front close bra .
armor suit is just the best on my opinion .
sense 3.0 and the 4.3 '' screen are nice .
plus it does n't come with a dust-brush attachment .
i am so happy i purchased 3 of these .
much better price and i love the iron .
product feels cheat and would probably break easily .
the novelty of this game wears off very quickly .
spaghetti really travels well in a mason jar ! .
and received a 6 pack of 4 oz .
the helper handle is great.clean up is easy .
there may be an obstruction or security zones added .
i 've had one of these for five years .
i liked it so much i bought two .
ff x looks a lot better than this game .
which is understandable because there are no instructions .
use them to close bags and hold messages .
it is all about groups and large scale raids .
it was fun but not durable in the least .
bonus it works on your home theater as well .
i am kind of disappointed of this product .
this unit makes a good cup of coffee .
well made case except for the sleep button .
they perform very well and are easy to clean .
i beat it in 3 hours without trying .
the slider is spring loaded in the vertical dimension .
i was very excited to recieve this base coat .
i say almost becase i am blochy now .
many serrated knives have one side that is flatter .
i have used it for the last 60 days .
they offered to send me a new one immediately .
first off , this is a very large case .
this scale was calibrated by my scientist husband .
it has soy and i can not use soy .
it performs superbly even with heavy bread doughs .
a homerun , but the computer instantly tells you .
this headset can take a lot of abuse .
definitely for older kids with a short attention span .
i like the smell and flavor of the beans .
the stainless steel is sturdier and more attractive .
other reviewers have mentioned the magnet falling off .
weird because vanilla is n't even a listed note .
i thought i was getting the same thing .
a nice change from the cheap junk offered .
already used several times with not one problem .
got it for my german shepherd and lab retriever .
the coiled wire keeps it out of my way .
fresh batteries have a 5 year expiration date .
it is dry and splinters apart when bitten into .
they are little tiny pieces more like flecks .
it also does nothing to cover up poop smells .
many times you must visit previous levels to advance .
i do n't want to have to pay shipping .
it works wonder for the value of the product .
i bought the ps3 for a blu ray player .
it is very easy to assemble and wash also .
it was a snap to put them on .
i love playing mario games so bought this one .
i got bored after 30 minutes of play .
sharpening steels are better left to a professional chef .
this was wet and soggy with a spongy texture .
my son is very happy with his case .
easy to charge and easy to sync up .
she said she should have bought these years ago .
this one is far and away my favorite .
this is a great vacuum at any price .
i feel like they can really handle anything .
i was pleasantly surprised to try this headset .
i am dieting and read labels very carefully .
were only good for dorothy shoes for halloween .
shipping was something like 8 days when they arrived .
i love coffee and i love cinnamon rolls .
i do n't want there to be a sometimes .
i 've had this carafe for a year now .
that many for the price says it all .
very lightweight and comfortable.and finally the sound is flawless .
this toy is very disappointing to my grandson .
i just charge the battery with a battery charger .
the second phase includes niacinamide and acetyl glucosamine .
this was purchased for my grandaughter for christmas .
part of the problem is the 67mm barrel .
i drive and my car is not soundproof .
it gave a very sharp and dark wing .
my skin is dry and oily combination skin .
their mom and thanked me and thanked me .
product description could be more clear about that .
i 've used this coffee grinder for three months .
there are many reasons i rated this 5 star .
i keep it plugged in when not in use .
i set it up in a flash loved it .
they said it would be another 30 days .
these are very sweet and crumble a lot .
i am trying a tuna flavor laxotone next .
i am both a vegan and a chocoholic .
i bought this because of the high reviews .
luckily the place is just 5 minutes away .
i will be returning the t-10 youth glasses .
not the case with some of the other makes .
it 's feels gross in my girls thin hair .
i never dared to carry it in a pocket .
they have sent me two lids to replace .
plus , this size is great for mixing dough .
i feel very disappointed.i order is the new machine .
the changes were mainly in the power and picture .
not my first choice , but they were nearbye .
i am sure the gifts will be appreciated .
this causes the contents to loose potency almost immediately .
this is the worst baseball game i ever played .
we recycled it and bought another from amazon .
truly sharp knives are a must in every kitchen .
it 's be on pretty much non-stop since then .
there are scuffs and dents on the plastic .
i feel like i just used soap and water .
i went to work and steamed those seats .
this has the right weight distribution for my hands .
has been through microwave and dishwasher with no problems .
now i am not sure what to purchase .
all the good reviews were on the money .
i 'll find a way to make it work .
i was tired of undone bagels and burnt toast .
3 of the 12 in my package were broken .
barring an unexpected grinding in the garbage disposal .
i had the thunderbolt without the extended battery .
i have always been a might and magic fan .
they are just too much trouble to put on .
i 've been following the mcdougall/esselstyn plant based diet .
the volume of this ear piece is special .
but i was not a fan of this product .
of course , my unit could have been defective .
my husband and i love this bread machine .
needs little or no oil for great results .
i do not understand what is happening to amazon.com .
reminds me of the kinds at the pub .
you really do get what you pay for .
this press works great and is built to last .
but now i can no longer be in denial .
they would bend easily and not hold anything .
i feel sorry for anyone who purchases this product .
this is an excellent vaccum for small jobs .
one mouse needs 144 inches to live without illness .
came on time too and easy to put on .
move it an inch and the whole salon collapses .
save yourself some money and make your own filters .
i returned it and have n't heard anything yet .
i closed the lid and the lid lifted .
i bought this product specifically for the shine .
much more elbow grease is required when cleaning this .
con it can be a little bigger.easy to use .
i could n't be more pleased with this pan .
-hold papers on fridge without sliding down.fun colors .
i also got an ugly , dull blue color .
these cedar shoe racks smell and look great .
i wish all my small appliances worked this well .
it is easy to use and easy to clean .
it is a great color and really durable .
not what i expected so i gifted it .
it does just what i wanted it to do .
it was returned within an hour of purchase .
the entire product is based on misleading hype .
that was a poor choice on my part .
it replaced a 50 plus year old egg slicer .
now i 'm stuck with 4 pouches of these .
i would definitely not repurchase in the future .
it worked great until the winter months came .
i think i will go back to towels .
the cd player would n't even read the disk .
spent hours searching and trial and error and nothing .
i did n't use the sunblock again after that .
it also fits the 12 '' indoor dutch oven .
that breaks down to $ .24 x 16 oz .
i could smell the soap through the packaging .
i use it about once every 1-2 weeks .
the size is just too small.the shape is great .
mesh is industry standard size/make and easily replaceable .
i love that the plug is up top .
then the replacement unit arrived with severe ups damage .
base does make them crackle at higher volume settings .
the model of the gun was a ruger sr40c .
this is no more than a dollar store item .
then i began to feel and look bloated continuously .
they seem to work fine and install easy .
this is a good alternative but has its drawbacks .
great for bread too and peanut butter sandwiches .
but the difference is like night and day .
the front was way shorter than the back .
based on our opinion recommend without any reservation .
it makes the perfect amount of nice strong espresso .
i was expecting a softer , more pliable ball .
looks like it could fit a kids head better .
if you like to dehydrate small or sticky/sugary foods .
holds lots of bags - very happy with purchase .
when it fails completely i will get another one .
but this one is by far the most uncomfortable .
i 'm not sure what happened in this game .
this is my 2nd htc evo 3500mah extended battery .
this tool actually makes a fairly mundane task fun .
it 's heavy duty and really easy to use .
fits my samsung galaxy s 4g t959v perfectly .
a perfect add-on for the bosch kitchen machine .
it has the blackberry name and logo on it .
the missions are dull with hardly any decent action .
henckels twin four star 4-inch high-carbon stainless-steel paring knife .
my dog ate thru this one from the top .
i even got one for my wife 's iphone .
protects the phone completely and its not bulky .
i 'm saving though for a better phone wallet .
the whole concept seemed as seen on tv gimmicky .
4 stars cause they are made a bit flimzy .
i love that the shelves can be adjusted .
let the water come to a boil slowly .
there was no correct mallet to play it.2 .
i love the color , i love the fit .
it just showed dirt and hand oils really fast .
not a huge deal , but something to consider .
i thought i 'd give this one a try .
just what i needed for very little cost .
cleans up easily and sized for large roaster chicken .
however , firmware update 2.46 has a wpa bug .
one mixer paddle had minor damage to the paint .
durable , and a nice heft in the hand .
but if they poop when i am not there .
it is an example of minimalist functional design .
they may work for dogs , but not cats .
my next camera will not be a nikon ! .
i picked this up after buying some nice j.a .
i am still extremely happy with this purchase .
my dog did not even chew on it once .
it is top quality and worth every penny .
so that one too lasted about four years .
one insert can be used many many times .
i gave it 2 stars because of the sound .
i am sending the product back for a refund .
simply this device is excellent with all aspects .
i expected to feel/see some difference and nothing .
many recipes call for a 6 quart pot .
the graphics are fantastic , no doubt about that .
now i can make cheap soup with ease .
interestingly the replacement had a metal belt clip .
this grater will be with me a long time .
and here are no deals on these anywhere .
clean-up is about as complicated as washing a fork .
the evo and the iphone 4 have slower gpus .
the game is very buggy and feels cheesy .
this game is the worst i have ever played .
i looks like someone poured milk in my tank .
water is clean and notaste or hard water problems .
sound is excellent , and the microphone is decent .
and hurt my ear to wear it.other than that .
in mmorpg terms swg is a wholey pathetic product .
i tried chilling under cold water : not cold .
so far they have been very helpful and quick .
thought this would be a much tougher toy .
purchased this for a wedding i was standing in .
veggies are great steamed up in this too .
gives you a larger workspace and is less messy .
the kong sitting frog squeaker lasted about 10 min .
i was really looking for more fromt his product .
this is a great deal for an oem battery .
next time he could n't get it to shoot .
over time it has become flat as a pancake .
the graphics are nice which they should be .
i received a 10-day beta pass with the pre-order .
i only wish i had ordered this earlier .
do n't have tangled wires in my pocket now .
you can brew two cups of tea at once .
i think this is a great little machine .
this is what i call a 2 minute toy .
it fits pretty much anywhere in my fridge .
this item arrived in a plastic sandwich bag .
the auto-focus quality is worse than manual focus .
let you pet decide what flavor they like .
i recommend and would buy again from them .
i would certainly use it again on other devices .
my husband was very impressed with both items .
one person talked about putting tape on the light .
it does work well , seems like good quality .
anything longer will be too long for this .
i would highly recommend this thermos to everyone .
i filled out the rebate exactly as described .
not vacuum sealed or even a tamper evident seal .
i have been using it for one month .
but this hoover i was so looking forward to .
well if zits are youthful then it worked .
that was after being cut off 3 times .
this is a very well-made and very sturdy jar .
but this particular seen-on-tv model is a bit expensive .
these are not up to gold toe 's standard .
i have recommended it to my friends already .
it looked very nice visually in the screenshots released .
the price is not worth the lack of quality .
what you will get is a lot less .
11 minutes is all mine needed to reach perfection .
the old ones were a waste of money .
i liked that it came in white or black .
these collars were a big waste of money .
thank goodness i make reservations better than i cook .
this was the first add-on piece i purchased .
it was purchased from organic milling in 2003 .
i ordered this for my 2 year old .
received this today for my 5 y/o son .
this case was a bit bulkier than expected .
they try to control every single little thing .
never again will i buy an expensive eyeliner .
the old dos version beats this one hands down .
wrong.people mentioned that the remote is very picky .
my bottle of allerg-3 arrived without an external seal .
they come apart and are easy to clean .
this fits my iphone 3gs like a glove .
the pump stopped pumping like an octogenarian 's heart .
in a pinch you can use standard aa batteries .
also i can not set the watch accurately .
too much trouble in my opinion but whatever .
i really love the on and off switch .
sold by companies looking to make a fast buck .
its kind of flimsy but still decent qualtiy .
closures on the side are tight and substantial .
the gray it too light for my liking .
just found some in red for my rear .
a five star purchase if you ask me .
these were very cheap and well worth the money .
i purchased these shoes but had to return them .
only way to cook large amounts of bacon .
it has dutifully protected the phone without a scratch .
well the songs are still good at least .
a game like this should be somewhat-mindless violent fun .
my over the pot steamer is still a favorite .
i returned it and got my money back .
easy to set up and easy to use .
the shell bra style tanks offer more support .
it helped extend my battery life on my electronics .
remember to buy this with the knife sharpener .
but it is long it covers your arms .
reviews here showed great product so i bought it .
this works just as i wanted it to .
bags are not easily available at normal stores .
this was one of the items to use .
might be just mine but it is balky .
will not be buying any more oxo stainless utensils .
fyi for those new to the helmet world .
overall , i am very satisfied with this product .
i also use it to wash fruit and vegetables .
i bought 2 mounts as we have 2 cars .
i will not puchase this in the future .
the lcd looks sharp but is nearly useless .
i had to wear ear plugs to use it .
the refurb could n't do internet except through wifi .
so you are limited to only your pc .
these do n't so they get tons more use .
this product does the job and is fairly priced .
i should have read the description more carefully .
i do not eat much sugar , but still .
hot stays quite hot and cold stays very cold .
an absolute pleasure to use for most dishes .
the bottom portion of the case fit poorly .
this cube generally sits in the toy box .
about proprietary bands and watch faces that fall out .
it has held up with months of constant use .
another good feature is that they stack nicely together .
there are also a good amount of interesting missions .
i have spoken to , and emailed the company .
i laughed at first and then fell in love .
i microwave/cook in them and eat out of them .
i had high hopes for this protein drink .
it makes the water purer and taste better .
alex was solely unimpressed by the cat crazies .
the drop leaf certainly is an add-on bonus .
saved me having to buy a new phone .
build like a tank and great looking case .
i just purchased the jawbone prime with noiseassassin .
i recommend you buy anything other than this .
it has just the right amount of bling .
i never figured out the trick to this product .
this is larger than i thought it would be .
i think we are going back to barleans .
this is a beautiful and solid mortar and pestle .
then i started looking around for a paella pan .
the switch was firmly stuck in one place .
but i would pass on the current version .
the first one i got was a dud .
not much more can be said about them .
works great but only up to 18.5 amps .
i bought this to help with stretching for running .
i 've had many screen protectors in the past .
does not make ur phone bulky at all .
and bed , bath and beyond carry it too .
however , this is no surprise for the price .
i feel like the barrel is smaller than depicted .
the legs are not as sturdy as they seem .
do yourself a favor get a better quality brand .
good if you only need something for a week .
not too big/not too small and does n't leak .
this has changed my morning coffee routine forever .
it has a thick-bottomed surface that distributes heat evenly .
bought another dlink , because hey they *are* cheap .
it is good that it comes with three pieces .
also you ca n't adjust the angle of it .
there needs to be more emphasis on foot soldiers .
i do n't like the bun toaster part though .
my next one wo n't be made by philips .
initially , i thought this was a good idea .
bought a kuvings gmpd931u centrifugal juicer from amazon .
the paints colors are light hues at best .
this is how i ended up with 3 cases .
got this to keep my lawn mower maintained .
about 4 months ago my bread maker died .
i thought that was a pretty ingenious design feature .
this was confirmed by the certified repair guy .
it looked good in the reviews , i guess .
i must charge at least once a day .
the build quality of these is very good .
i will not buy from this company again .
it is plenty non stick for my liking .
using flour tortillas the shells are light and crispy .
it really looks like it should cost more .
however my first case was completely destroyed within months .
it 's expensive - but at least not gigantic .
its just the method of using conditioner washing .
fold it over , and put it through again .
i gave my housekeeper my old classic one .
we use it for maple syrup for our pancakes .
i loved the features and was very dissapointed .
use it daily and i 've had no issues .
i 've had this for over 4 months now .
i 've recommended this to my friends and family .
i just got this a few days ago .
it 's lightweight and with a non stick coating .
it is very well made and works beautifuly .
not unless they start selling in discounted six-packs .
the heat comes through after a minute or so .
all ports/buttons are easily accessible with the amzer case .
i would describe the flavor as sweet sweat .
only time will tell if this is accurate .
i would highly recommend not purchasing this bra .
it charges anything i wanted in my car .
i think they are going to break quite easily .
they supply katanas for dynasty and cold steel .
a quality alternate shock resistant case for galaxy s3 .
now we buy pineapples to core and slice ourselves .
a good idea but it needs a little tweaking .
the matetial was not soft against the skin .
also leaves a powderish film on your hair .
so there was no way i could use it .
not sure why , but maybe cooked too long .
the amount of stiffness in it is just right .
but i dare not with calphalon non-stick pans .
the holes are well proportional to the colander .
i ordered this based on all the positive reviews .
even an arcade game would have better graphics .
she had no complaints with the wax at all .
i think the fire steels are a better choice .
i wear a 12 6e shoe when available .
combo packand it works great and is great quality .
it makes excellent coffee compared to our drip makers .
i got the tablecloth but not the napkins .
when i saw the negative reviews i was shocked .
definitely better than paying verizon $ 15 for one .
( i purchased a nasal aspirator and works well .
mine lives on a shelf inside my basement door .
i copied years of home video onto it .
other than that it seems fine and accurate .
it makes it great to travel with the knife .
overall the game feels very untested and buggy .
i gave downgraded it down to a 2 star .
keeps everything i have dried for many months .
there is a recessed light just above it .
this was simply not worth the inexpensive price ! .
they looked dark and gray and not much sparkle .
he ditched his other headphones the moment these arrived .
i thought it had a snap crotch in it .
it grinds beans and brews coffee in one unit .
recommended for anyone who wants to save money .
our golden loved ripping it apart about 45 mins .
what else can you expect from a thermometer .
the software has a somewhat unfinished feel to it .
i prefer a switch rather than holding a button .
in short i l o v e it .
you can save those crumbs for later use .
you can be killed in a single shot .
i think it 's more of the noise though .
seems like it will last a long time .
all the products leave streaks or a film .
on both ends compared to the other two .
mine comes on about 75 % of the time .
unit works well with no overheating or cut-outs .
the battery fit well and it lasts very well .
it makes cooking and baking so much easier .
plus the case itself is a bit slippery .
worse , the sound is quite muddy and indistinct .
they are almost 10 % taller than other filters .
may work well for other ferrets and animals though .
so nintendo wii or ps3 here i come .
this small adjustment results in a perfect round waffle .
it only takes about four minutes to finish popping .
i get better results from md alpha beta pads .
this was a christmas gift from my mother .
this case is very well worth the investment .
also would be excellent for any cooking needs .
concept sounded good but quality was not there .
i do not fit well in my iphone 4s .
at first , i was really happy with these .
all they do is flap in the breeze .
they actually detracted from the the piece of jewelery .
i have had many downloads interrupted because of this .
it is runny which makes it drip everywhere .
it is sturdy , very protective but not bulky .
i own this product for almost an year .
by far the easiest bluetooth i have ever paired .
instruction pamphlet was very clear and contained diagrams .
send to be off good quality and craftsmanship .
when i got it back there were pieces missing .
this pan gives me a wonderful pizza crust .
be sure to begin egg-yolk feeding at four months .
much better results then my old thin aluminum pan .
i love dk but this game is pure garbage .
seems to stay sharp for a long time .
or , maybe these things are all just crap .
these cases are brand new and a great price .
typical bad rts - no strategy at all .
i love this charger for my sony z550a .
the reviews on amazon though made me duobtful .
even the largest size did n't fit my dds .
i would not buy this product in the future .
as always delivery was earlier than i thought .
just the right size for a salad for two .
just set it in place and turn the handle .
i found it drying and a little irritating .
i thought i would give norelco a go .
this one is perfect and does the job .
very handy way to charge without plugging and unplugging .
meaning there is no shock absorption at all .
yeah , this worked great for about 12 hours .
not too big or too small but just right .
that honor will still go to my wenger military .
dropped it in beer a few times while brewing .
it looks cheap , poorly made with cheap materials .
the dominoes were too thin and they were marred .
but that is not why i have it .
no plastic smell , perfect size for my countertop .
this happens with both the panasonic and the braun .
counter-strike is a spectacular mod for a spectacular game .
cats hated it could n't get to the ball .
yes , it does work as a bluetooth speakerphone .
i got new batteries installed still no luck .
it was too irritating for my dogs neck .
i have this headset in my cubicle at work .
this one should be around for a long time .
you do n't swing the sword around at all .
now i move the stopper on and off .
i really like how targus made a 3-in-1 stylus .
the good reviews caused me to choose this product .
no fuss no frills just does what it says .
a lot of phone in a little package .
then i received this knife as a gift .
i continued for a few days with same problem .
would def buy again for my new phone .
its better to just stretch the old fashion way .
i feel sick after drinking this energy drink .
so they are n't much fun to play with .
tried different places and even tried switching rings .
mine come out of the dishwasher looking great .
they were absolutely terrified of going into the backyard .
be sure you look at dimensions before purchasing .
you can never go wrong with this purchase ! .
packaging needs to be better for multiple glass items .
i 'll buy the other sizes at some point .
eventually , this will probably cause it to split .
my grand kids think i 'm there silly grandma .
that makes it less useful than i needed .
i bought this deodorant and the matching scent .
this does not it a 2011 kia lx sorento .
truly the best juicer on the market right now .
however water leaks out of all the seams .
basically not a good idea if you wear glasses .
stick with ocarina of time or wind waker .
it was not doing anything for her for fleas .
i use this exclusively for making homemade ghee .
no relief from this at least for me .
wonderful size for smoothing the edges of tall cakes .
bummed that it only worked for a few months .
they are also really uncomfortable on the ears .
looks very cute but its very hard to remove .
i love all of my products from chicago metallic .
toss in rice and water and hit a button .
works fine for data and charging on kindle 2 .
they had a good reputation for many years .
better luck for anyone else to try it .
this makes a great cup of coffee hassle free .
my current phone is the samsung droid charge .
this bowl is a nice stainless steel bowl .
no big deal for me , but worth mentioning .
the strength of the flavor and aroma are diminished .
the plummage/feather detail expose the sharpness drop off slightly .
this is the perfect size for just a couple .
the thin-profile pitcher fits nicely in the fridge .
now i can have the best of both worlds .
i use it on my elbows and hands now .
coffee machine and a good conical burr coffee grinder .
in the raglan tee shirt it was huge .
i have used other brands with no problem .
i ordered this caesar costume to host a party .
not the quality in gold toe socks i expected .
awesome can opener - heavy duty and high quality .
at best you get 1.25 cups of coffee .
the cake itself was even baked and not over-browned .
the leapster and the explorer use diferent type cartridges .
i can not recommend this bra for that reason .
i love how they wrap around my small ears .
my homemade yogurt just runs right through the mesh .
this apparent defect notwithstanding , i still recommend mr .
i would not recommend they markers for kids .
i can see zero benefits and several disadvantages .
i do not recommend this variety at all .
this is the nicest mount i 've tried yet .
it works well but the design is bad .
i am so happy with the selection i made .
i like the simplistic toggle controls and dials .
it would not go together as the instructions indicated .
used this on 5 different googles same results .
but for me its not a big deal .
the one i received did n't fit me well .
but not sure how they could make them better .
that did not seem to matter to them .
i got this for my daughter for christmas .
not sure why this is advertised for an ipad .
i don ' think we will try this again .
it smells nice and i love the natural ingredients .
application was very easy with little to no mess .
this will lengthen the life of the mister supposedly .
the musical quality of the a2dp is excellent .
bought this for a party i was having .
the announcer makes incorrect comments during the fight .
i was very disappointed when i received the set .
designed for fajitas , they have many other uses .
i wanted an oem with a working nfc antenna .
do n't but this game unless your an idiot .
how much can you say about a can opener .
i would recommend this kitchen tool to anyone .
i bought for baking a boston cream pie .
the bass quality in them is actually pretty surprising .
they seem more like balloon pants than sweat pants .
almost all retailers handle problems for the customer .
regret buying but return policy says must be unopened .
i will not be buying another midland weather radio .
that 's the way it goes with this brand .
i bought it and do not regret it .
so i bought them again for my 2nd home .
the opener was solid and held up great .
the temp will often drop down to 73.5f .
i tried burt 's bees repellent as an alternative .
i was ready to buy a new coffee maker .
i bought this specifically for the included screen protectors .
the item did arrive within the delivery time frame .
i suppose i could always splice the wires myself .
the visuals mostly remind of the old nintendo 64 .
other wise i would not hesitate to purchase again .
i brought it back the very next day .
think hogwarts without any of the charm or creativity .
i purchased this from staples a few months back .
everything i do on this phone is great .
very strange shape to the cups on this bra .
but never were we able to eliminate them .
daughter picked this case out for her phone .
my ingredients were cold when i added them.3 .
it is keeping things much cleaner around my sink .
this lovely turquoise bowl sets a beautiful table .
the washed leather looks super and feels comfortable .
they come out immediately and easily with no trouble .
i have a beretta 92a1 with the rail .
i love everything about the h710 bluetooth headset .
this leads to the calc flashing in my krups .
nice and secure case , i really like it .
units i bought before 2009 did not squeak .
it only tightens when leashed to the dog .
it is solid , simple and easy to use .
this was a nice starting point to her collection .
sound wavers between the left and right channels .
finally they agreed to replace it.the replacement was defective .
i dont use this as a pizza stone .
these are the best filters i have ever used .
i would highly recommend this product to anyone .
this was an easy fix up for the board .
i wish i knew how/where to buy another one .
more chalky than my other cheapo eyeshadow pallet .
but honestly 440-c i would have been ex .
preheat the waffle iron between 3 and 4 .
do n't over load it or grind too long .
so far this is a great pan for me .
i felt like oprah sharing my favorite things .
this is the second one i purchase from amazon .
i had no problems with other vivite cleansing products .
needed this to prevent my screen from being scratched .
i got what i expected for a cheap vacuum .
bought this to keep him from doing it .
these turned out to be about $ 1 each .
it fits perfectly and becomes a small egg-shaped unit .
too bad i bought 2 bottles of this stuff .
the fit was horrible and comfortable at all .
do yourself a favor and keep looking elsewhere .
it is freeze dried which makes them almost hard .
my only complain is the cord is too short .
we keep them in these assorted-size glass storage jars .
first you had to sidestep and then roll .
i ordered a 31 inch waist/30 inch inseam .
it has good size and are also nice .
makes it easy to use and stays on tight .
the coffee stays warm and does not overcook .
i was completely not expecting this level of performance .
i use it daily to get my coffee fix .
besides that , the handle is comfortable and cute .
aside from a few typos , it is accurate .
web configuration is a mess and very slow .
i installed the card and software per directions .
smooth easy operation and the blades work perfectly .
it 's more of a flashlight than a lamp .
again , not enough to dig out a wart .
this case is perfect for the iphone 4 .
but the design does not work for me .
i have always been a fan of fighting games .
i am very pleased with their promptness and service .
i love that this wallet also has rfid protection .
not sure what all the fuss regarding tomato sauce .
almost everything in my kitchen is now glass .
i take it on trips for airplane charging .
i 'm also buying ultimate mk3 and mk annihilation .
this mixer does everything and it does it well .
i 'd love to give these out as gifts .
i only have one pan and its this one .
used this for the first time at thanksgiving .
but it seems to be holding up better .
the second one is holding up so far .
1 for myself and 1 for my son .
no such luck with cats.i have 3 cats .
no need to wash or reuse , no mess .
really a shame such junk is marketed on amazon.com .
i found that it does exactly what it says .
well after the first use i was in love .
there are always excessive grounds in the coffee .
many companies use this as an alternative to parabens .
item was as described and pictured by seller .
just a product sitting on my nails doing nothing .
but what i did n't expect was the smell .
the story lines are realistic and sometimes interesting .
that should tell customers and the makers something .
i did purchase one for my conquer 4g .
you could make your own content if needed .
my wife saw this on america 's test kitchen .
i use the headset a low to moderate amount .
finally , most zelda games had a unique feature/ability .
sound is nice and the fit is comfortable .
i got this filter with fingerprints on the lens .
the sound quality is good enough for this purpose .
the size was perfect for my galaxy s3 .
everything i would expect from plastic lids too .
it still was a good value for two cases .
i agree with the most popular positive review .
i highly recommend for protection of the outer case .
i just heard it cycle off at 126 .
this too was a big disappointment for me .
i can wear this guard with my retainers .
they were packaged nicely and worked just as expected .
works great on my htc one m7 though .
should have know that there is no miracle product .
extremely dissatisfied and irritated by their false advertisement .
he did not know how to push it .
another great oxo product easy on the hands .
and the beatings can be separated into two categories .
the fabric can even be replace with cardboard .
i bought the new bose bluetooth and love it .
worth a try for the price but lfmf .
they are a perfect accent piece for my kitchen .
my cats are n't real active altho fairly young .
she thought it was just to set it in .
also charged my iphone fully with juice to spare .
these results do not apply to other phones.30-50 % .
tech armour would come off after a short while .
i loved my blackberry curve in my otterbox .
i enjoy baking with these quality baking sheets .
the moisturizer bottles were too small in my opinion .
cross my fingers that *will* work as it should .
wife loves these to make homemade margherita pizzas .
i would recommend to anyone who wants a pda .
they are both large pots and both are rivals .
this is a very beautiful and well designed product .
a filter on the top broke after 3-4 uses .
they just bedazzle you with so many colors .
the pace of the water dispensing feels careful .
would recommend it is a really low price .
once i actually used it under some cookies .
the price was descent enough and it works well .
it does the job n it is very slim .
no more.so that 's my experience with aquarium heaters .
sorry , but just not a quality product .
love it ! everyone should have one of these .
it 's hard to open and susceptible to spills .
i remember when my mom used to bake .
using great force i can get the phone in .
they scraped right off with a wooden spatula .
this is the second one of these i bought .
what is the point and i felt misleading .
the build quality of the thing was hard .
this product is supposed to increase bars not decrease .
but if you think you are drinking healthy .
not strong enough for heavier items or posters .
this product is not a quality product at all .
that 's what attracted me in the first place .
i recommend sticking with the busy bone instead .
making lemonade out of a stainless steel lemon purchase .
being able to expand it is an attractive feature .
not that the dog would care , i guess .
can not be healthy.this product made my skin worst .
there is something loose inside , probably a screw .
the unit is kind of ugly and quite large .
okay i have 3 dogs all over 50 lbs .
i fixed it with a crimp of the pliers .
i purchased this to cut foam for pillows .
i use the recipes from my breadmaker cookbook .
you just pour everything in and seperates the solids .
i subsequently purchased a battery from bto , inc .
the preseasoning on it was more than sufficient .
also , the tech support is not very good .
these things are noisy on a metal rod .
you really cant pour it till its done filtering .
do n't waste your money and time with these .
could have been good but it crashes too often .
finally found one for myself here on amazon .
the case was great for the iphone 3 .
perhaps the pan was not clean or was overheated .
blades store on the unit and legs fold compactly .
to add to that were two tiny screw drivers .
there is no substitiute for getting hands dirty .
as long as you follow the washing instructions .
she stopped using it until i unplugged it .
price is much cheaper than many other carrierscons:1 .
this is my single favorite feature of this pot .
i laughed and decided this thing is going back .
i was anxious and quickly made a cup .
pulled it out and the product smelled burnt .
i can not see how you could go wrong .
thin and crispy , just how i like them .
the sound effects started having problems right away too .
the cords that come with phones are too short .
i look forward to getting reactions from guests ! .
it dies at the same time the iphone does .
not really happy with the cleaning cloth they provided .
however , microwaving can make bread a little soggy .
easy to use and relatively easy to maintain .
i really like the storage box for the blades .
as for this chair do not waste your money .
so i 'll just call this one a loss .
and other cleaning projects.good for soaking produts in it .
i installed these sights on my glock 34 myself .
this is true for the noise isolating headphones .
i was very disappointed when i got it .
my mom bought her kitchenaid in the 60 's .
easy access to ports and buttons push easily .
needless the say , the third order as well .
but that 's where the feeling of success ends .
boils water quickly and is extremely easy to use .
now she has a new cooking or serving pot .
i bought these to give a way to friends .
it 's great for a space saving counter top .
but everything else is cool ! i would recommend .
i have oily skin and am acne prone btw .
it does not allow your skin to breath .
it fits perfectly for the space i had available .
i would not recommend this case to a friend .
fell apart trying to put the batteries in .
none of it has settled to the bottom .
a great substitute for an expensive wine thief .
then i increased it to double dosage , nothing .
i had a bad feeling when this unit arrived .
mcdougall , i really wanted to like this soup .
it is so light and easy to handle .
cap does not rust and is water tight .
they are satisfying tools to use in the kitchen .
holds about 5 - 8 items on hangers .
bikes are not meant to be disposable goods .
and it does make a weird shape , cone-like .
hench the name backstage assault for this wcw game .
more on this later.the hardware itself is quite decent .
my wife was convinced the popper had been used .
not the same size fit as jockey or quality .
using this for my samsung original galaxy s2 battery .
and finally something that does n't come from china .
i use mines in the house and car .
i would have payed extra for that feature .
this work horse is a must in every kitchen .
it took a while , but it finally came .
this thing lives in my targa-top honda del sol .
real world , it supplies even fewer than that .
i have had heartburn since i was 13 .
i love the sims and i love playing them .
the nonstick finish is effective and tough as nails .
i have used my norpro juicer a lot .
i bought this as a christmas present for someone .
the audio is lost when your in movement .
i bought these replacement batteries for my watch .
not as good as the gamecube or playstation2 versions .
there is alot of popping noise in the audio .
it also works great with the amazon apple cables .
knob breaks with regular or less than regular use.3 .
you really need to anchor the feather in better .
it slices yukon gold potatoes with lots of effort .
you ca n't go wrong with a kitchenaid mixer .
i much prefer it to a metal one .
i agree with the majority of the other reviews .
i would not want anything thicker or heavier .
after a few days my nail polish was chipping .
very sad that you want me to lie .
this is a comparatively heavy tool to use .
have only used this unit as a rice cooker .
construction is sturdy and is relatively light weight .
getting it on and off is a real pain .
we have had it for about 9 months now .
the finish on the blade is susceptible to acids .
pairing with my android phone worked like a charm .
it finaly went out after watter got in it .
i wo n't buy any more regular xbox games .
it came in the days it was expected to .
i am not a fan of bluetooths at all .
well first one i had a lot of bubbles .
we returned them as she would not wear them .
it is in the mail and going back .
they like the vtech text giant blackberry thingy better .
several tests convinced me i had a defective scope .
two days from the day i ordered it .
the notes on the recorder are the same way .
then i opened it and it was working fine .
what a bargain.this is my second bluetooth headset .
i use it for all my chopping needs .
the speaker often produces mediocre to poor am sound .
i also love the voice answer and decline .
ca n't tell if it is working or not .
this item will completely recharge my iphone 4 .
i love using this product to make my espressos .
i will go back to my old matrix .
this has large wheels instead of a belt .
we do love our christmas cookies and cakes .
wash and dry the cheese cloth and use again .
but i needed something bright , classy and defender .
too bad the custom bags are so expensive .
i am so glad i kept my old one .
never ever ever let this splash onto your skin .
you battle through hordes and hordes of robots .
i had one melt in the microwave too .
i must have gone by this couch twenty times .
i bought 2 of these for my kids phones .
the first is the constant problem of revolutions .
if you look closely you will see the differences .
total destruction will result if you do try .
the blender maybe lasted 15 to 20 uses .
another reviewer said these were a bit snug .
i 'd say it fits a dozen or so .
its that good.i have had 2 other espresso machines .
conclusion , this coupler was a waste of money .
they make more noise the a freight train .
i have had this product for about 8 years .
but it does not do anything in 4 hours .
this is a great case for my blackberry curve .
and i have used a lot of different straighteners .
is control phone content on the big screen '' .
we keep a plastic picnic knife handy for stirring .
perfect size for spreading icing on cookies or cupcakes .
the nuts are soft and have no crunch anymore .
even in mild thunder this makes no noticeable impact .
really disappointed after the big testimonial from my friend .
the various colors give my kitchen a warm feeling .
there is a small learning curve to master .
one of the sexiest looking phone i 've seen .
i usually buy the body mist from rite aid .
the sense of speed and framerate are superb .
i wash all my veges and fruits with it .
but honestly i am very skeptical at this point .
it was a waste of my money , unfortunately .
the parts are easy to assemble and clean .
it is the `` zyliss quick blend whisk `` .
i have seen alot of complaints about this item .
emergency power for those power hungry cell phones .
1 ) the tent came looking a little dirty .
it is very overpowering and smells too sweet .
i am not sorry that i installed it.update sept .
i ordered these to help alleviate plantar faciitis .
not happy with the sizing of the shirt .
the old stiles take forever to heat up .
make them all in the usa if you can .
my only issue with it is the plastic dome .
there is not too much to this game .
they are the best to cool your cookies .
bought this to cook bacon in my new microwave .
every other juicer i have tried pales in comparison .
i was surprised on how well this was designed .
our son is 2 and loves toy story .
the vendor cares a lot about customer satisfaction .
tried energizer aaa batteries and will not fit .
it is difficult to write 20 words about batteries .
i buy my filters from amazon in 4-packs .
i needed to get a refund for the purchase .
i almost always use them instead of matches .
will definitely be purchasing a lot more lodge cookware .
this works well for wine you plan on decanting .
the only downside is recharging through a usb .
package very nicely and arrived in perfect condition .
did bring back the black and looked ok .
i would highly recommend this to a friend .
well , they always run away in this game .
i have tried the store brand and cheaper brand .
but i do n't scramble or mix them much .
bought these and wore them for about one day .
its sturdy and works well except for one thing .
this screen protector fits and goes on very well .
give it 2 stars as it seems well-made .
the quality of this show simply does n't exist .
i love the finish and fit of this cooker .
that means i need strength , durability and flexibility .
we have played this game maybe three times .
just some more money wasted on a bad product .
this cover makes my phone look so great .
the pc version is quite a different story .
it never got hot enough to grill and sizzle .
i love them hot and i love them cold .
with each use the pan becomes more non-stick .
a trainer suggested this to calm my lab puppy .
incredible.i 'm not sure how other reviewers cracked theirs .
the charging port is n't accessible with it on .
or usb anything.the panels themselves are great quality .
it is a handy organizer for the trunk .
i 'm going to buy several more for gifts .
i put paper towels over it to protect microwave .
works as good as the oem apple bumpers .
after the first one failed i should have stopped .
the fabric of the pants is plain old cotton .
i fixed the handle with a new bolt .
you have to use the sides of the lid .
this is a good product with a nice handle .
exactly what i needed for my 3 lb .
tried adding 2 small bananas to the basic recipe .
thought i would try a smaller battery powered unit .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
i did n't quite get it the first time .
one flaw in the system is the battery life .
9 more words required for this really good review .
it is very easy to assemble and clean .
a very handy springform for small batches of anything .
the length of the utensil prevents any burns .
i think the bowl is teflon or something .
these spice jars are the right size and shape .
my cockatiel did not like it at all .
there are basically 6 parts to this thing .
the discovery 655 seemed to fit the bill .
no more slug at the bottom of the cup .
it is like wearing a headband around your ribcage .
the oxo is smooth and easy to operate .
the slipper is attractive and fits to size .
i have found many new uses for garlic .
durability , this item feels like a bullet proof .
thick aluminum will provide even heat for baking .
i put the tablet in the toilet tank monday .
take out all the right angles and the crannies .
this replaced an older netgear cable modem/wireless n setup .
this case is great quality and nice grey color .
the sound is clear enough , but not great .
it flakes off and causes me eye irritation .
bake for 1 minute then check for proper color .
the vehicle jump cam is also a big problem .
the defenders did not re-position themselves to meet me .
imax power 's customer service is great as well .
a really bad design flaw in my opinion .
250 cadr x 1.5 = 375 sq ft .
i was thrilled to find this item by chance .
also easily tilts from vertical to horizontal easily .
the lettuce is kept perfectly crisp and fresh .
there is something about glass that is simply cleaner .
i must say that item is as described .
she likes everything everyone else said they liked .
after lot of research , i ordered this item .
these earrings were a complete waste of money .
received yesterday and mailed to kershaw warranty dept .
i heard about these on twit.tv / macbreak weekly .
seems to be pretty good protection and seems durable .
i spent hours poring over the reviews on amazon .
do n't buy unless you can work wonders lol .
there is no scrape board in the package .
will report back.but this cutter is definitely quality .
also - the glue is removed from the package .
really not sure why people like this game .
i like to add four drops of liquid stevia .
every main numbered setting = off at this time .
at least i can taste the fruit and veggies .
a cheaper model i had cracked after a year .
i call an 800 phone number for tech support .
i do not recommend buying from this seller .
i hought it had the original arcade game .
it should work well with my midland gxt5000 .
it seems to stick pretty good to the screen .
this is the final nail in id 's coffin .
it worked for 2 seconds only & broke .
very nice unit , easy to assemble and operate .
still the overly sticky green tab in the corner .
this is the best cover for this htc .
there is enough medicine in here for 4 injuries .
glass is not too heavy or not too light .
i would recommend this purchase atleast for back up .
the center bone sticks out a good 2 inches .
the cord on these headphones are aligned strangely .
the person who catches the most is the winner .
maybe this is a product only for permed hair .
i stopped and thought maybe it was allergies .
i will stick to secure from now on .
a must if you buy the my bread book .
really wanted this to work the second time .
these shower curtain rings are where its at .
or maybe i should say the concept is faulty .
takes seconds to install and holds our iphones securely .
she smelled it once and never played with it .
you can squeeze it quite dry with this .
the purchase went through smoothly and arrived timely .
i saw no change in my weight fluctuations .
wait until the steam settles and move on .
great cookware ! bought for my daughter for christmas .
this time i was ready for the cleaning drill .
this is surely the best of what is available .
i bought terry 's tamper and never regretted it .
you can actually see it pick up the carpet .
you 've probably read other reviews of this knife .
it is excellent and the price was right .
the handles are solid and well made so far .
this set is the entry level for j .
but as i said , its ok for price .
the color online looks like a blueish purple .
this seemed to be a good general purpose iron .
fortunately , my original retaining ring still worked fine .
it takes three limes to achieve the same result .
we love it for steamed potatoes and carrots .
spend some more money and get a better casing .
this headset worked fine for a few months .
the strainer also comes off for single use .
i got it days before i was expecting it .
and every thing did great except pulpy fruit .
this is not what i expected from this manufacturer .
i am still looking for a decent eyelash curler .
i had to discontinue use and bought another .
that 's what built the hype around the game .
i would recommend it to anyone considering to purchase .
this was a great deal for the set .
the first time i used this i loved it .
i now have the replacement battery hassle free .
they work perfect and last quite a while .
the cards are very flimsy and easy to tear .
took my daughter and i three hours to assemble .
generally it can get more oily at the roots .
at least microsoft released a smaller x-box controller .
i have had much greater success with this blade .
i wear the jabra easygo in my left ear .
i threw it away and will never buy again .
they swell and cause the button to jam .
i could n't even fit it above my hips .
i will be purchasing another one for my son .
will be back when i get the iphone 5 .
you ca n't patch this game with offline patches .
this is quiet , easy to use and consistent .
bought this one to replace one lost in travel .
the stupid wire keeps getting in the way .
i gave those away and through this thing out .
worked well as liners and nothing weird happened .
a danger to cats and to barefoot human feet .
we have had ours for about nine months now .
starts perking as soon as it 's plugged in .
i guess i was expecting too much from these .
that is n't an option on my other phone .
i 'm amazed at all of the positive reviews .
this is a blatant case of false advertising .
this silpat is a great innovation in the kitchen .
did not work as well as regular curlers .
so ordered 4 sets of the 16 livingware .
we are normally fans of the sprout brand .
organic bold and donut shop are still our faves .
i know thisd merchant is not to blame .
save your money and buy the grass gator 5600 .
i tried 2 more doses of it and nothing .
everything was just so lame and seemed broken almost .
it is simple to use and to clean .
these batteries were purchased for a apc charger .
this is a great product for small families .
this is by far the coolest lunch pail ever .
they were about 20 lbs at the time .
i understand the extras and upgrades sites have .
i have not had this problem at all .
in my opinion , it is hard to operate .
i want my pans to be easy to clean .
i bet it gives me a great crust .
its also really easy to set up and use .
this is a great dock for the galaxy s5 .
feel just like giada and dip out that pasta .
$ 20 worth of aggravation is what you get .
it goes no further than any standard bluetooth headset .
i expected a rich broth with some spiciness .
i think i 'm going back to that brand .
i expected much more because of the positive reviews .
tasted ok with a quickly made sour cream dip .
my phone drops the case protects it ! .
the belts fit - as one would expect .
is the blink supposed to be fast or slow .
that is , this keeper is not a composter .
great buy for the price and on time delivery .
i have several different knives from this line .
once it cracked , we knew it was time .
be sure to follow directions and not over-sharpen .
you can throw it in your backpack n go .
you lug the kill-a-watt into your power outlet .
i am a huge fan of these knives .
i looked around and found the syma chinook helicopter .
not good if you have rambunctious kitties like mine .
it is exactly what i hoped it would be .
grilled at 375 degrees for about 12 minutes .
the fifth time i used it is leaked .
it obviously is much more comfortable for her .
the peach tea is much better than this one .
usually these sort of cases are pretty dorky looking .
i 'd give it 10 stars if i could .
a good steel is vital for keeping knives sharp .
others i 've seen are very particular about positioning .
the finish is hard to clean & scratched easily .
i am a major fan of the ff series .
4 dollars for 6 anti glare screen protectors .
this broke within 5 minutes of putting it together .
these are hazardous by-products , and are health destroyers .
it was n't as wide as i pictured it .
shortly after trying this , the unit failed completely .
when i first got this it was hard .
she really loves to interact with the screen .
but cant seem to let the other one go .
comes with a cool holster with a clip .
i bought my triports when they first came out .
it really does not work for me at all .
if he can get in trouble - he will .
it is much easier to hold and operate .
you will be much happier with the product .
it is still shiny , and looks relatively unworn .
it 's at best average as a cd player .
price was attractive but very poor quality construction material .
highly recommended.11/22/06 update : i received this oven 9/15/06 .
it is lovely and i am very happy .
this is no longer the product our mothers used .
i use it at least once a week .
however , i have to give it 5 stars .
i even take it to restaurants with me .
i have the top of the line whirlpool dishwasher .
it 's a great deal for the competitive price .
see if i can get a refund for it .
as i just mentioned , it vibrates like mad .
i use this 256m xd olympus for my c5050 .
i own the set of sango black dishes .
what we found seems quite different from the claims .
so i was going to buy this game .
i am ordering a new one of these today .
they looked at it and left it alone .
i could not believe how great the phone was .
bargain if you get it for a good price .
i use it to grind my baby cereals .
these dvds all worked in my other dvd player .
it works exactly as you would expect it to .
my daughter wanted this so much for her birthday .
you really notice the photograph and not the frame .
these are the parting words of a weeping gamer .
they fell through the bottom of the cup .
i am a huge fan of cast iron .
that is n't a knock against the product though .
huawei is not ready for the us market .
love the fact that i can hang it too .
it only worked up to 40 feet away .
water bottle and crate on the other side .
i use it mostly to make home-made stocks .
crackheads are too smart to buy this game .
which on an average is roughly another $ 5 .
this is a well-built time saving kitchen tool .
i was a bit skeptical when i bought this .
i will not purchase gse on amazon again .
you need at least three or four complete turns .
i have no idea how it got there .
did absolutely nothing for my back and chest .
i could n't wait to get this sports bra .
now i just wash them with a sponge .
the mid-frame is still fuzzy and ca is observable .
it never could do more than froth milk .
now this is only a theory on my part .
the knives are very well weighted and hefty .
is a must for my 10 yr old daughter .
the product does n't bond hair for very long .
anywhere else and it 's too noisy to enjoy .
if i were you i would n't buy this .
the areas are dull , the control is obnoxious .
protection is a must for your phone screen .
they also feel very heavy in my stomach .
i am not sure what to call it .
it is very hard to grip some things .
then after purchasing , i read the product manual .
i have been using it as a baby autoclave .
i 'm shocked by the so many positive reviews .
i liked the look of these when they arrived .
it is as good as a ricer and faster .
i could n't be more pleased with my purchase .
no scouring , so the finish is still intact .
red channel works and white is utterly dead .
if i could i would give this zero stars .
i have used mine heavily for over 20 years .
these glasses are perfect for a home with kids .
no choices to be made , no variation possible .
extremely unhappy with the quality of this product .
happy with my purchase and might get more .
so i had to order the hose throught sears .
most things release from a knife without them .
i guess you get what you pay for .
i do not recommend these potatoesthis just in .
at least not by the amount i was expecting .
overall the digitiazer was as expected and worked flawlessly .
i followed the assembly instructions to the letter .
my old commercial-grade hose never did anything like this .
not a good buy at all for 180 .
toe is a little pointy for my taste .
i felt the angles were wrong on the scoop .
not even a serious attempt at making a site .
i am currently looking for another brand and design .
i am so glad to find this product .
i bought this model on the advice from cooks.com .
a durable pan that is made in the usa .
have been an all-clad fan for quite some time .
overall sturdy-nice looking , and hope it is accurate .
perfect gift for a cook that likes to bake .
i figured it would dice them at best .
things cost more , making more difficult to play .
excellent for holding paper on my drafting tables .
it serves the purpose of somewhat protecting iphone .
it is about the size of a small microwave .
i have used this earbud for several years .
they also have hardly any berries in them .
better to have several water bowls and change daily .
my original review i have left intact above .
i decided to try this and am really happy .
he loves it and says it 's very comfortable .
the case i recieved was not this color displayed .
either you sneak past , or they see you .
the cups on this bra were too large .
sticking with a simple block of wood works too .
it is a good look for my phone .
i 've had this headset for about a month .
i have very fair , sensitive skin and acne .
but it was all looking older and older .
i contacted nikon and never got a response .
especially liked being able to turn it off .
he must smell the leftover treats in there .
these are such a ridiculous waste of money .
i like the design and idea behind the mouse .
i have not yet tried it on crab claws .
however , the jewels kept falling off of them .
if you are night owl this is for you .
the tea ball itslf comes apart at the middle .
i placed about 30 sticky traps through my basement .
maybe a bigger dog would like it better .
there are still more testing to be done .
very easy to clean with its removable tray .
i found the directions very easy to understand .
it may very well be worth half the price .
setup and pairing was easy and it works great .
faberware is a good brand , and it shows .
i thought i was getting 5 cooking pans .
the air cleaner and its filters does the job .
i also purchased the storage set and mixing set .
you can definitely feel it on your face .
it only lights up things that are very flammable .
this is exactly what i 've been looking for .
nobody i know played it more than twice .
the second issue i have is the handle .
then , one of the drills would barely power-up .
i used one to take a part a netbook .
buy accordingly to your own phyical physical shape .
i had to work to get it inside .
i think i expected more out of these .
in every way , this product is a winner .
they are comfortable to hold and easy to wash .
i read the ingredients on the bottle i bought .
clicked it on and he was good to go .
i anticipate years of baking with this pan .
the product and labels is what it is .
this is our second humidifier of this size .
the old ones get more play time for sure .
using the moon dough is scary and messy .
other than multiplayer this game is not worth getting .
i will order them again when we need them .
i 've had one for about 6 months now .
4 stars because the quality is fairly cheesy .
i have decided to just deal with it .
felt terrible and had to pee every 30 minutes .
i 'm thinking of buying more of these purifiers .
i wish i knew this before i bought them .
they are from taiwan , not japan or singapore .
i had to throw this tea in the garbage .
maybe if you were n't working with acrylic nails .
too many false ravings by the sellers going on .
not worth the effort if you ask me .
i have gotten a few of these screen protectors .
cantu shea butter is what i am using now .
just like the one i received with my iphone .
you 'll be glad you did the extra research .
tripod/2 second timer does well to avoid shake .
had santa bring these for christmas this year .
all 3 of these chargers broke in a month .
this tool has a tendency to fray cable strands .
i felt totally fatigued and had little energy .
this is a nice addition to our digital needs .
it sticks to the skin but gives no benefit .
lock n lock - best thing ever made .
i finally decided to get a rice cooker .
it was originally a nice translucent clear color .
i sent this back after trying it on .
you get it on your hands and clothes .
coffee comes out hot and flavorful every single brew .
so perhaps it was just a defective batch .
this was very quick to sharpen our knives .
i have several sets of butler creek lense covers .
it 's heavy and most of it is well-made .
it arrived quickly and was exactly as advertized .
i went through about 5 in a row .
i re-installed the oem wipers and all is well .
sadly this tastes like any other artificial sweetener .
the wand attachments did not break or flex .
did not have this reaction with the other flavors .
i also read this product increases mental awareness .
you have to be careful when adding the water .
however , that would be doing it a disservice .
they change gameplay often making it not as fun .
i bought these sunglasses for my 13-year-old grandson .
we have n't tried the timed brew option yet .
i just wish they came in bigger sizes ! .
overall it is a good product.i would recommend it .
these wipers are expensive but their performance is unacceptable .
never happens with the chrome roller hooks.awesome product .
love it for grilling love it for the stove .
the main downside is a slight sour aftertaste .
these peanuts include cottonseed oil , a hydrogenated oil .
none of my computers could get to the internet .
and cushions a fall in all the right places .
the spoons feel nice and sturdy in my hand .
i also used it with my wireless security cameras .
that is the only fault with this unit .
i am writing my review to support that claim .
the second pair broke about 6 months later .
i would n't be too skeptical about that idea .
i did nt even look at returning them .
my lab chews through every single toy except kongs .
wash by hand and dry the parts immediately .
the top easily is removed from the pitcher .
this makes for a more discrete appearance when worn .
great quality and easy to install by yourself .
it is cute but the design was terrible .
nothing like the smoothness of the black matte one .
i purchased a six piece set of tart pans .
it scrapes into the cutting board making long gouges .
it worked for my grandmother 40 years ago .
so you are rolling over and getting up .
i find i put less butter when soft .
this product has never really delivered what i expected .
that seems to be pretty common with this set .
i may donate mine to a rescue or shelter .
amazon prime shipping is priceless for any parent .
they said they would send me a refurbished unit .
it 's cheap and not really functional for me .
wipe inside of lids with damp paper towel .
the plastic is makes the phone look cheap .
the filter bin is very easy to use .
thats how hard it is to get it off .
not at all what i was looking for .
the quality is poor even on the highest setting .
it broke right where the 2 marks were .
as soon as i got this case it broke .
i leave them in the dishwasher to airdry .
you could get a better one than this buffer .
i love looking at it on my kitchen counter .
i 've been slowly transitioning the kittens to wysong .
and the lodge logic is extremely economically priced .
this came in a different package than the above .
minor issue - yes - the screws do rust .
nintendo sucks now with the exception of the 3ds .
good solid weight and feel to this board .
used it for a day then threw it away .
thankfully there is only two in this game .
oster is a great brand and does n't disappoint .
after years of use it finally died on me .
i use them with my big green egg .
big enough for two filets or one big t-bone .
comes sharp and staying that way so far .
also they really do go with just about everything .
this is a great pan for the price .
rubbermaid quality that will probably last for years .
still making sm cakes in it with great success .
i ended up ordering 2 for me after ! .
my family of 4 thought they were really gross .
hope you have better luck than i did .
you wont be just flicking this knife open.2 .
i am very pleased with the cable i purchased .
i bought my first maker in october 2004 .
i am very disappointed with this oil mister .
have not used the fruit roll up trays yet .
i will be contacting amazon about a refund .
you do n't have that problem with this set .
just purchased this unit in the black matte finish .
it has already saved my phone when it fell .
thats unheard of for a case this cheap ! .
she has tried the others and gave them away .
i like the all stainless version of this grater .
puppy had no interest in it what at all .
it is well designed and relatively well balanced .
maybe this food just does n't agree with him .
my cat shows no interest in this toy .
very simple design that is easy to clean .
it is the worst tasting spirulina i have tried .
i ca n't give you any one single reason .
the kitchen stayed cool and the roast was juicy .
the game is a disappointment to say the least .
they would expand to twice their normal size .
i love these headphone and they work incredibly well .
now i cant bring it back cause its software .
no honey flavor and a very weak corn flavor .
had to use longer screws for my installation .
these are very durable and work really well .
i bought this because i take all 3 ingredients .
the quality is good and the shipping is quick .
i found an earpiece that is very comfortable .
i bought 3 of these for my adult children .
they have ruined what was a great sock .
i find this diamond stone to be very versatile .
you can read my review on dap collar .
my ferrets are a little over a year old .
but the blueberry one would be nice on occasion .
too bad they no longer make this model .
just hope you have a very good pc .
neither of my feline boys would eat these .
i would not recommend this product to a friend .
i would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone .
i now have a pile of useless plastic junk .
i followed instructions for using the light brown .
they never really make anything new or exciting .
i like them so much that i will def .
also looks great and is great for blade edges .
i just wished i had chosen the 6 cup .
clean-up is easy , once the pan has cooled .
the excess saltiness is fine in a marinade .
both are readable , but one will look smoother .
i never wake up with a stuffy nose .
what more could you ask for at this price .
he offered me an exchange with no charge .
it simply expands to fit the sinks perfectly .
buy two because you will really like them .
bought this for my mom and she loved it .
the cords themselves are one step above dental floss .
it is real nice - works as advertised .
the makers of this need to take basic math .
no improvement in skin tone/firming or reducing wrinkles .
have several other items made by these guys .
the colors are also very hard to blend .
the oven does not ding when it turns off .
i love my evo but hate the battery life .
my experience has been that they 're dishwasher safe .
we used it once and said forget it .
the 3 cup bowl comes in handy too .
mophie sells some nice case that work very well .
i will give them credit for the graphics .
i was very pleased with these cooling racks .
will only hold a charge for about 2 hours .
my only problem is that they are very fragile .
inexpensive , but you get what you pay for .
its fairly light and feels good in the hand .
i 've dropped a couple accidentally and nothing happened .
i used this with yes to tomatoes conditioner .
the microphone is great and sound quality is top-notch .
they are a perfect fit for this oven .
lots of cool options to make use of this .
fits in pocket or attached to iphone or ipod .
no similar problem with my husband 's iphone 4s .
big enough to fit my sponge and brush .
this is when it started making a terrible noise .
i even played some mozart and it was amazing .
it did provide relief from tension in the back .
this is more of an inconvenience than anything else .
the fan has various options , including temp control .
its just not a game for everybody i guess .
i was surprised at the quality of the product .
so much for soaking up all the excess .
i 'm unsure if i got the right one .
great use of my money to get these .
it 's not rich but at least not over-sweet .
this slicer is wonderful and very easy to use .
they poked me in the palm of my hand .
i 'll cut to the chase on this one .
i 'm not a big fan of this product .
the top does not tilt back to avoid this .
i have not tried this with a paper filter .
it does not taste like pumpkin or spice .
i have never had that occur with fresh step .
i do n't use the product because of it .
bought this to replace a logitech trackman marble .
broke right after taking it out of the box .
this is cheaper to use in the long tun .
it is a needed accessory for your cellphones .
it is now just sitting on my shelf .
bought this because of the price and reviews .
it stripped my hair and made it feel unhealthy .
condensation on smooth glass walls could be slippery .
plus i am loving google goggles and barcode scanner .
have n't tested it with any other cell phone .
nothing about proper mixes to meet advertised uses .
it was kind of drying on my locks too .
i think it will be popular among my daughters .
i tend to use it 4-5 times a week .
no complaints from callers and the sound is good .
and it was a bit awkward to use .
i would never recommend this bench to anyone .
like the magnetic clip also that keeps it closed .
surface does get roughed up with repeated use .
with proper pressure it works until the plastic breaks .
make sure this is ok for your application .
this is replacing the same hoover i had .
i do not recommend this mount to anyone .
a perfect omega shaped chocolate layer in every slice .
this looks like it will fill the bill .
by the way , i use whole organic milk .
go find the original unopened and a dreamcast .
the replacement also has tested with no continuity .
i used frontline plus ever since it came out .
and got a scalp full of open sores instead .
i replaced that one with the otterbox commuter .
my reasons for purchasing this phone were two-fold .
i 've got plenty of room for sauted vegatables .
the foodsaver we purchased is great by itself .
in this case , less would have been more .
i use one on my cat 's drinking fountain .
please do n't waste your money on this toy .
not made in switzerland , as one would imagine .
eventually the logo stopped showing and it was nothing .
do n't really wear them anymore because of this .
always need to charge two items in the car .
version and it makes a perfect 13 oz .
he is very rough on phones & phone covers .
i ended up returning in after 2 uses .
the wand telescopes long enough to avoid back strain .
this compost bucket for the kitchen is great .
the battery seems to last a long time .
it 's just not suitable for a hair gel .
my 5 and 4 year old cats like them .
this case provides a great amount of protection .
they do like sliced and grilled fancy feast .
the sound quality for both ends is very good .
it still is inflamed but not stinging anymore .
i filled two glasses with 8oz of water .
so based on good reviews we tested this microwave .
i was so excited when the game came it .
i have fairly expensive knives that loose their edge .
you can pop 1/2-cup of kernels in it easily .
in this case , into the dirty water tank .
it is easy to use and works great .
it makes an awful buzzing sound and vibrates .
you really ca n't go wrong with this popper .
this how ever seems to be a beast .
i would not recomend puting into front pocket .
i have high levels of copper in my blood .
fabric unraveled and stitching was to close to edges .
it would make it much appealing to use .
received this today and will be promptly returning it .
my dog does not necessary like this brush however .
updated 6/18/14 - as predicted the plastic did break .
the cd 's would play fine in other players .
it does not seem to be available any more .
unfortunately , these do not stretch out at all .
like any other pyrex product , it is great .
however , the tuner section gets a solid 1 .
the wrist strap is impossible to put on .
there 's no direction and your compass is useless .
i thought this would be similar to crystal light .
do n't buy it or you will regret it .
oh man , the rubber on the bottom stunk .
not sure a bigger size would be better .
it heats the water then i use it .
we use these in our camper and love them .
i will never buy a scratching post ever again .
i think the thorlo brand is vastly overrated .
i expected better quality from an oxo product .
if you like it hot these are for you .
the blades on this mandoline are very sharp .
well made and a great addition to cookware .
my phone remained the same , it works perfectly .
only took it twice before i figured this out .
if you like to save corks this is perfect .
i was not aware of this before ordering .
that was it for me and braun products .
and it looks great in my new kitchen ! .
i ca n't find anything negative about this battery .
i am wondering if this happens with other models .
alternately most headphones and earbuds hurt my ears .
this salad spinner is durable and easy to use .
i 've been using this for half a day .
they are easy to store and easy to clean .
my biggest beef was the extremely long dialogues .
i just used it for the first time yesterday .
i troubleshot and sure enough , it was dead .
the missions are long and you cant save .
got away from making my own moving to microwave .
i 've tried all the normal tricks without success .
the unit feels like it is solidly built .
dump out the grinds and rinse under water .
once inside the foot part it fits fine .
it 's ok but the suction could be better .
just lift , curve board and dump into bowl .
easily solved , but something to watch out for .
sometimes it even seemed to make me more oily .
it keeps my drink hot and is leak proof .
some searching turned up nothing useful for these errors .
i had four trays and bought four more .
got this for my mom for hea heel spur .
this headset leaves apple headphones in the dust .
i was reluctant because the price was so low .
i purchased this price for a great deal .
the picture is pretty bad except under full sunlight .
these spacers can also be found at best buy .
pairing to a cellphone was an easy task .
these are tiny jars , with tons of oil .
they state 'hazardous materials are beyond classification limit ' .
there is no protection for the screen itself .
this is probably the best fry pan available .
great item ! just like i see on tv .
i have been waiting on this product since nov .
over time i noticed this did nothing for me .
i can only safely recommend the chocolate varieties .
already wrote a review but it is asking again .
no worries i thought and contacted the manufacturer .
the range on these things is really good .
they fit the hand wonderfully unlike plain seafood forks .
this is still the best press out there .
it penches a little , but not very noticeable .
pull carefully but you will not pull gently .
i 'd rate this oven as a good buy .
the outside core is a very flimsy plastic .
have owned them for about 2 months now .
they do cut down on the night allergies .
good for rolling dough or other messy projects .
boil cold , fresh water in a tea kettle .
i guess you get what you paid for .
certainly not a reason to not buy this product .
but the material is excellent , it is leather .
love the foreman grill the larger the better.cooks everything .
it 's so strong no one can break this .
flexes like its going to break or pop off .
i am very satisfied as it is whisper quiet .
i have always had difficulty rolling out crusts .
eventually i hope to build up a great seasoning .
incredibly dangerous for someone seeking a stable handhold .
the quality on the other end is very clear .
the flash light is a great companion feature .
something was making it adhere to the cashews .
i was completely put off by switch kiwi berry .
once they do answer they are happy to help .
i like the bright contrasting colors on this headset .
a very useful product to recharge our samsung phone .
i like having this tool at my disposal .
this bone did not hold up well at all .
this is the best grater i have ever used .
it is too hard for me to do .
i am not expecting it to last very long .
i listen to music on any of these devices .
it 's off-white-yellow-ish with random dark specs in it .
i own quite a number of bluetooth headsets .
it was a good idea that needs more work .
this does not fit the verizon iphone 4 .
i tried the trick with the pinch of salt .
i find the arm holes to be too big .
this is sooooooo simple to cook corn this way .
the classic game is here in all its glory .
they arent bad for storage either as they nest .
i am a nurse and bought these for work .
the makers did n't even try to improve it .
works much better than anything else we 've tried .
all are top of the line , screaming machines .
i had no idea how easy this was .
works great and comes with glues on it .
oh yeah , and it was like 9 bucks .
no one should ever consume nonorganic psyllium husks .
let me add my 2-cents to the lid discussion .
this book is great for beginner fondant makers .
select the size of the slice and slice .
i do keep it out on my counter .
the noise is not that big of deal really .
ca n't say enough wonderful things about this bag .
to purchase a base coat that is better .
my insignia player has bluetooth built in.setup : super .
these are always consistent and very good quality .
this game is very original with good graphics .
voila ! keurig coffee from a less expensive machine .
this is a great buy & great quality product .
i am returning it and not purchasing another .
for me the 11s felt a little loose .
i ordered an 2xl and got a small .
in fact it was nearly impossible to calibrate it .
much better than i 'd expected for the price .
will not fit the xds 9mm single stack .
my most miserable experence was with jabra and motorola .
i coordinate my phone cases with my outfits .
this strong clear vinyl bag is perfect for that .
i figured i still had nothing to lose .
the response on soft mats is unreliable and unpredictable .
i am a long time user of henna products .
i 'll see how it holds up over time .
as a result the fit is n't tight enough .
my wife is japanese , and loves taking baths .
it was worth every penny of the $ 7 .
i 'm looking for something better next pay day .
thank you so much for selling this item .
after more than five years it still works perfectly .
jawbone got it right with this little gem .
i like that comes with a big bottle .
my friend likes it , he can like it .
for the most part it is designed well .
i am really impressed with this silverware set .
this was also well executed in the sequel .
ok i got scammed and sent it back .
cute for the price , but not great quality .
its a nice little addition we can all enjoy .
they could have did waaay better with this game .
i did my research and settled on this product .
this will be a lifetime use for sure ! .
the knife is sharp and good for slicing tomatoes .
even the good ones start looking icky over time .
now if only i could return this piece of .
the reason : the phone call quality is mediocre .
quality is great and they seal up just fine .
first sniff and curious , then taste and drop .
unlike frozen food , these room-temperature packages microwave fast .
it was a great product for a wonderful price .
i love using this for scooping out avocado .
suntactics has great customer service and very personable .
i just hope it will stay that way .
it lacks flavor and was mushy in texture .
it slides in easy and holds it secure .
when i got it the zipper always get stucked .
it 's very easy to clean and heat evenly .
the texture of this product is petroleum jelly .
this led to alot of cheap deaths throughout .
easy to operate and no issues grabbing the can .
i make a smoothie every morning for breakfast .
now i can experience cooking on my own oven .
this is much larger than you might imagine .
for the price it is a good mixer .
dont but it unless you want a headache .
these are great screen protectors at a great price .
i use this case on my phone everyday .
would be zero stars if i had the option .
the bear is too stiff and sheds like crazy .
have taught myself to can jellies and love it .
i tried several dvds with the same result .
i have been looking for this model for years .
it does n't work on any of my knives .
espn sold better then madden last year becuase 1 .
this did not wash my face or moisturize it .
i have purchased the organic coconut milk many times .
adequate collagen helps your skin stay more youthful .
but as a phone holder it works great .
it did nothing for my dark circles either .
i use 6oz of concentrate to 20oz of water .
its rated to hold 1-2 bodies and 7-10 lenses .
i will by more of this fiesta bowls .
bought this for use to hold my droid incredible .
the turn feature on this is very handy .
neither of my kids are interested in it .
i reserve that honour for 'jekyll and hyde ' .
it makes my nails shiny and it worked wonderfully .
comes in a card board cover as well .
that is a better use for this phone .
this can opener is really easy to use .
i have had mine for about a year now .
tried to widen them but did not work .
this is great for rolling out pizze dough .
i called the manufacturer butthey couldnt tell me anything .
and it takes up a lot of counter space .
22 dented the targets and knocked this thing over .
i do n't have any complaints about the product .
2 stars and i suggest that you avoid .
this was the first steamer i ever owned .
you have to very delicately lay on the pasta .
recommended by my sister and now i can too .
what else do u want for this price .
i guess for the price should be expected .
my entire house has an unusual tile floor pattern .
the tree and the animals are really really cute .
i also use it when cutting the grass .
the mic works fine , without any background noise .
i had a real good impression of petmate products .
really is finger print resistant for the most part .
both are a far better choice than this case .
is about halfway up the little transparent window ) .
now it does n't do any of those things .
save your money ladies get something that works .
it has the word bad written all over it .
i would recommend this seller and product to anyone .
bubbles when using certain ones- including apple 's bumper .
the price beat the large stores by $ 14 .
suck it up and buy the lastolite ezybox instead .
but the one i got was made in china .
i tasted them and ended up throwing them out .
this design is very to carry around when travelling .
too many flavors give it a muddy strange taste .
it was very nicely made though for the price .
so far i 'm pretry impressed with this unit .
this is why i took off a one star .
the experiments do n't seem interesting or useful really .
it is a great deal thinner than my tilt2 .
he continued to get shocked because he was screaming .
plus the days just seemed backwards to us .
it helps the phone feel secure in my hands .
it finally arrived today and i am so thrilled .
rather than return it we stitched it back together .
oh well , it still is a great toaster .
the first time i had fixed at my cost .
long loading times at the start of every battle .
i would definitely recommend the clear not this one .
i bought these to wear on a trip .
this was a gift and she loved it .
at first i very excited to get this gun .
the price was right and i liked the design .
the battery light indicator may or may not work .
i have tried three different litter maid boxes .
and the bun warmer is a super nice addition .
sparks flew when it brushed against the oven wall .
returning same day i got it in the mail .
and you 're melee attack is exactly the same .
the dark brown is not even dark brown .
this is the perfect vacuum for lightweight work .
absolutely ridiculous ! i would not recommend this product .
it has a lever that releases the hamster wheel .
parts of the chicken contents were tough and stringy .
it is very confusing and not worth getting into .
from personal experience , this is an awful game .
this is great for traveling and long days out .
all i wanted was a can opener that worked .
i would recomend it to my family and friends .
made my first successful batch of rice ever .
forgettable , but fun and worth playing.the problem is .
this defeated the purpose of owning a hand held .
only a percolator perfectionist would really notice that difference .
koss offers to replace them as an even exchange .
i would go with warcraft 3 over this anyday .
thought was rubber material as other gogo truck .
smoke has not been a problem at all .
the dark ones tend to hide the dirt .
it 's wide enough but not quite long enough .
great for listening to music or movies in bed .
my daughter is not overly hard on her toys .
this game would have looked great in regular 3-d .
keep in mind these are pretty cheaply made .
other than that problem this product is great .
i borrowed a friends bissel and used that .
like all whisks can be difficult to wash .
until now i used tape or cardboard for transport .
i have 2 of these in my pantry .
it just has a good feel to it .
the pulp was dry and there was no clogging .
probably one of the best i have ever bought .
get mlb baseball it is a much better game .
the only con to this device is its size .
the whole concept of the original getaway is realism .
i am returning it after only one use .
i think it is the wood they are using .
this one was the perfect width and depth .
it also works just fine for making smoothies too .
i have owned two of these sandwich makers .
if only it was n't almost 100 degrees outside .
this does what it is supposed to do .
i will not be buying this brand again .
these are very poor quality for the price .
the flavor is not terrible but not great .
these look cheaply made and weigh next to nothing .
better water resistance and lets the leather breathe .
it is definitely sturdier than my old pastry cutter .
v2t translation is not very accurate while driving .
the voice is very clear and loud enough .
get yourself at least a set of hoya filters .
filling bird seed is impossible without spilling seeds everywhere .
does not work with cakes placed on turntable .
with my previous griddle i could only fit 4-6 .
this case is exactly as pictured without surprises .
these are very heavy feeling , nice looking glasses .
it would be nicer if it were more streamlined .
openings do no line up with the buttons properly .
and there 's no air bubbles or multiple applications .
save yourself some frustration and buy a higher quality .
this shoe rack did what i wanted it to .
i really like the shape of the kitchenaid mixer .
the dopey led is n't very bright at all .
there is still some gap on the corners .
but now i 'm so glad i got it .
this liner would not go on at all .
after that it started to eat the tapes .
the product will work if you clean it .
very quiet compared to the other 2 i used .
some critics complained that it is complicated to use .
not a good idea for capsule meds guys .
the plus for this box - it 's inexpensive .
it is not worth to send it back .
they are just inferior razors that are wrongly designed .
measurements face me , rather than the metric side .
so it is easy to see what is happening .
i have been strainerless for a few years .
i loved it since i got it in october .
i use this sprayer extensively for spraying canola oil .
these are simply the best ice cube trays ever .
there has got to be a better option .
i bought this pair and they work pretty well .
i wore it on the belt area/top of waist .
luckily , they passed this test with flying colors .
i use it for so many different things .
it does not smell like citrus to me .
it dried my skin , has a strong fragrance .
the smell when you open the box ishorrible .
mk3 adds some cool characters but it totally sucks .
worked perfectly on both phones i tried it on .
i could kick myself for not buying it sooner .
i thought maybe i gotten a bad pair .
otherwise , the product appears to be as advertised .
but after trying a different brand i know better .
macadamia products give you no volume at all .
i bought this and used it twice now .
use these on a high speed like 9 .
threw both of my 2-pack in the trash .
am shopping now for knives that should last longer .
they do not have the silicone seals in the .
this is a one-year-old puppy of 25 pounds .
i really like the mount for the dashboard .
the auto shut off feature is a great feature .
i purchased this for my son-in-law who loves wine .
like the title says , these are just junk .
it is more of a robin egg blue .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
success on the first try and very happy .
the call quality is truly second to none .
the n900 is not complete - not even close .
i have been very pleased with this battery .
on a good note , they stay on well .
my skillet does not have the pour spouts .
i love leapfrog products but this one failed consumers .
i only got 14 months out of it .
got this for my mom and she loves it .
press 3 times to go back a track .
i am disappointed with sennheiser regarding the rs120 .
but i am very satisfied with this tea kettle .
my carpet smells drastically worse after using this product .
replaced with cricket brand which has nice round tips .
i think it might be my ipad though .
i loved this cuisinart electric skillet for 3 years .
and the stand is still strong and holding .
worked well for 8 months before it died .
in fact i bought two - just in case .
the metal is thick and of real quality .
or for the matter , wearing period clothing day-to-day .
its small design keeps it out of the way .
i only cook stove top this way now .
i wo n't recommend anyone to get this game .
i bought one at target about three years ago .
i am past the 30 days return period .
good protection and sold at a very fair price .
the 68oz size is the same as the 72 .
i wanted to like this product -- really .
i bought this at the suggestion of my chiropractor .
a roll of 8 cookies in a pack .
it took aboubt three weeks to receive the order .
i got this machine in the mail last week .
not sure if it was the brand or 5htp .
the colors are cheerful , and they work fine .
this was definitely one of my best purchases .
the bigger issue is now it randomly drops power .
it 's not special because is made in usa .
i bought these to use with my palm pre .
the length includes both ends of the clasps .
easy to clean glass pot , very quick boil .
eventually , the two devices would fail to reconnect .
this thing is painful , and annoying to use .
it reports the printer is off-line all the time .
at best you will see craters on the moon .
perfect for travel and everyday use.- feels extremely well-made .
she loves it , very excited to receive it .
the mechanism starts when you put weight on it .
not what i wanted so returned this product .
i hope to order more in the future .
it seems too hold a pretty good charge .
it does increase the sound quality of my iphone .
this is an absolute must in the kitchen .
this was the third one hat was garbage .
the unit comes with a 5 year warranty .
not sure if i noticed in my bowl movements .
i am using the very same coffee grounds .
the tiny little side plates are a joke .
it is not one piece of wood but 3 .
however having said this the green light was on .
it makes it worst than the av cables .
i have a small oven and needed this size .
saves on having to pass alotof thing around .
would not recommend to anyone with genetically high cholesterol .
the pedal is strong and works like a charm .
i threw the rest of the orijen away .
i found this to not be the case .
i use it at least once a day .
but the sizing of this shirt is way off .
they are softer than i expected for cheap brushes .
i could n't even begin to bend the top .
it it more reflective than glowing or shimmering .
, it has what i call a filler taste .
prior to that i had the incredible 2 .
for one you can not even sprint or prone .
very quick to put on and take off .
has no indents or slots for side buttons .
nice weight and great design for measuring cups .
steer clear of this item and this seller ! .
it will not work for a ibook g4 .
spend more money and purchase a better rail .
i spent too much time figuring it out .
i hope they will fit better with age .
it was n't even fun after the first 30mins .
was also difficult to hang from our tent ceiling .
other than that , its really a perfect set .
they are almost twice the size of these .
what a piece of crap for this price point .
great variety of colors to match any decor .
i have also owed and several plantronics models .
there was no appliance abuse of any kind .
they do not stay to long on the phones .
amazon immediately price checks everything going in carts .
put one on top of a 20 ft .
however , the reception varies from area to area .
it is easy to operate and easy to read .
they make a great small , onhand gift idea .
i can use it for the next meal .
i suppose you get what you pay for .
i tried several times , but to no avail .
well , i felt that was a bit much .
wipe down the base for good measure.highly recommend .
i drink the whole thing in one cup .
tonight we had a pizzaria uno deep dish .
take the popular abc orchestra title for example .
i have used this with no change at all .
this you could get at the dollar store .
will either need to be returned or adjusted .
this product defect has persisted for too long .
i bought this brand new for about $ 30 .
the name and description of this are definitely misleading .
me and pedobear agree that anise is nice loli .
i just ended up with ears full of water .
it is so small and uncomfortable to hold .
this was a mess when it got here .
really disappointed thought that it would last longer .
these guys have missed the boat ! bad news .
no reason to spend more for a name brand .
but it did keep water out of my pouch .
does not provide very much volume or length .
recommended if your looking for a small french press .
i should be thankful i only paid $ .
the bits do n't even file nails very well .
i would give this zero stars if possible .
better than i could have imagined it to be .
they are really hard to clean off the tub .
this did n't work for my dog at all .
just picked this up yesterday and tried it today .
still , the graphics ended up being downright awful .
this limitation is documented on amazon 's product page .
it has a nice grip hold and not slippery .
they run small , so order one size up .
not sure why it does n't work for me .
the coffee stays hot ; never burned or bitter .
i have not had any trouble using it .
i found these finally and was quite disappointed .
i think i like wyler 's a little better .
it was like we were feeding the ants .
i recently decided to try my hand at biscuits .
cat feces can be very toxic to other animals .
i would highly recommend this product to anyone .
she swore that the quality was not the same .
this pressure cooker is my new one-pot wonder .
good sturdy cutters with a myriad of uses .
no thermostat but not needed for this heater use .
cheap plastic lenses that popped out waaaay too easily .
it tastes like a really bad protein bar .
i really like the feel of this rolling pin .
crispy on the outside , juicy on the inside .
lo compre para mi esposa y le encanto .
have n't dropped one on the tile floor yet .
this bag holds more than enough for that task .
i used these headphones on my htc hero .
that should be all the selling point it needs .
long time ago i switched to the reuseable filter .
keeps my sponge and small brush neatly neat .
here in lies the problem with my previous units .
and this was exactly what i was looking for .
these would be terrible if you had bunyons .
they should discontinue it on this site also ! .
i fired off an email to stash already .
most were not adequate for some reason or another .
i got the chicken noodle one and it sucks .
sharpened all my knife back to original sharpness .
also the straps are flimsy and just weak .
but there is a new one called favor .
it still is chemically the same in the body .
its easy to use and easy to store .
i have owned a lot of android phones .
it requires version 5.0 of the intellipoint software .
meaning they split and tear while putting them on .
maybe a fun toy for a 1 year old .
batteries and charger 5 stars , kid 3 stars .
icons were slightly different and kind of small .
i just love this little cuisinart food processor .
its 1 package of 24 for over 15 $ .
but with my normal skin , this looked ridiculous .
the training video that comes with it is nice .
i purchased this headset with very high hopes .
they are really being about cheap and basic .
this is just what i was hoping for .
using the hand safety slicer part is really important .
i found the fit odd and it was uncomfortable .
it is n't as supportive as i had wished .
so i swallowed my masculine pride and ordered it .
taking care of the eggs came easy and quick .
good for learning the ins and outs of cast-iron .
the ground floor is around 1000 square feet .
after many years my prior grinder became unusable .
it 's mostly sugar and water with stuff added .
i am happy with the performance i get .
one of the most useful bake-ware in my kitchen .
it nearly put a hole in our kitchen ceiling .
she loved the bling but could not use it .
i use old plastic grocery bags for this purpose .
the dog barked like crazy as the collar vibrated .
bad form amazon for letting this one slip by .
still use and like the instant read though .
they make look like them but they are not .
better to splurge on the ones from pampered chef .
just follow the directions that come with the product .
i 've also used this for chocolate and nutmeg .
so it should not be released in food .
do not buy these if you have a marlin .
this item was overpriced and not a quality product .
this does a good job of pre-heating the stone .
once installed , the headset immediately worked as docuemented .
it presses on the sides of your head .
i have tested it by switching foods on them .
this is a very cheap piece of equipment .
the out-of-box experience and initial setup went just fine .
maybe i can use this for spices or herbs .
it worked well until it just stopped working .
click to have your sim do this or that .
the cups on this bra are to shallow .
or , if you like the very natural look .
the same problems occured in the second game .
nice size for ceral and great for ice cream4 .
this is not for any chewers without supervision .
i was really rooting for this clipper though .
i 've only used the large one so far .
the size of these boots are way off .
the magnum 9 '' peppercorn filler cap was redesigned .
this will boost multiple phones or 3g ipads .
then i bought a bunch more for christmas presents .
a usb sync cable is a better idea .
i had a replacement in days at no charge .
the material is thinner , especially on the sole .
tastes much better , but is not as portable .
i wish i had bought two like i said .
delighted with the peeling action of this swivel peeler .
it makes the room look so much better .
so i changed the batteries but no go .
try the golden valley jerky also here at amazon .
it has a lot of things going for it .
the oven is less than what you pay for .
everything always looked a little cloudy or fuzzy .
i bought this thermometer to replace an analog thermometer .
it is compact and works great with our batteries .
then it is pressed very gently and slowly .
ikross even supplied a color matching microfiber carrying bag .
fortunately , this will be my last panasonic product .
the meat comes out really tender and juicy .
this screen protector does not come as pictured .
granddaughters enjoy using these on their cake pops .
this looks like someones else 's torn into present .
i use it at least 3-4 times a week .
i have two issues with the product , though .
it fits well with the hook or the belt .
i love the way this case looks and feels .
i feel like suing the manufacturer of this company .
the consistency is lumpy and the smell is overpowering .
darkness setting beeps when done makes them very fast .
milk is n't really good for the body anyway .
does extactly what you need it to do .
anyways , my dogs had zero interest in it .
the bottom line is that it works well .
also they fit rather loosely on the first wear .
so it must be from the dial pad .
the chocolate manages to be bitter and saccharine tasting .
this is a solid part to this system .
the phone was fine and i kept using it .
the cars are cool , but a bit overhyped .
keep lettuce fresh the whole week in the refrigerator .
beware this vendor - this is not legitimate stuff .
we received the stegasaurus version of the toy .
i now know that gpx not one of them .
we had 3 and very happy with them .
this is cheap and deserves the low price .
good enough.this is just what i was looking for .
does n't auto connect to devices when powered on .
this is a correction to my previous review .
much better than the kuhn rikon i had .
basic hot air popper with no on off switch .
you must remove belt clip to use this item .
it is sharp and the handle is comfortable .
i do most of my shopping at amazon .
quick setup and no permanent tape marks on window .
this was before the days of the internets .
this product enhanced the dryness to an unbelievable level .
for the past two months its been great .
this is a licensing deal and not much more .
the end result was a stable , non-wobbly stand .
and , i no longer have problems with clogs .
you also ca n't beat the price of these .
wow , was this game a waste of time .
combine a metal part and a cosmetic plastic cap .
one whole cabinet was filled with nothing but tupperware .
i took them right back and got another pair .
oh , and it arrived in only three days .
nada.had i been ripped off ? i doubted it .
airline approved : if it has latches and locks .
i probably have purchased over ten of these .
but my results with the wrinkling were unacceptable .
follow the instructions to get full capacity during charging .
these cast iron skillets are the cat 's meow .
otherwise it will absorb water and crack and split .
i did not like this pan very much .
i am still awaiting the arrival of this product .
this iron actually makes ironing enjoyable to some degree .
could never get this unit to work correctly .
if you like flavored coffee , this is okay .
had lots of them.the only draw back is .
i have recommended it to everyone i know .
i purchased it specifically for making hash browns .
nice light crust on the outside and flaky inside .
will stick with the emeril 's from now on .
i have n't tested the usb port yet though .
the ports feel solid and do n't wiggle around .
i have always wanted a coffee and spice grinder .
overall a great buy at a great price ! .
trust me this is not a good product .
but this one absolutely was an excellent buy .
i eat salad every day in the summer .
they lasted me several months and sounded great .
doc gave me antibiotics , and a pain prescription .
my reason for needing this is not the iphone .
so , i went ahead and ordered the set .
this is not my first time using screen protectors .
the sweeteners in this product serve no useful purpose .
it is a perfect fit for the phone though .
this product really protects the iphone of any causes .
i use one for espresso to check my temperature .
this does not do what it promises to do .
everyone i talked to could hear me just fine .
this worked great and was easy to use .
i purchased this to remove pet hair from clothing .
i certainly get money moneys worth out of them .
so decided not to use it for my trip .
they are very close but just wo n't shave .
i do have a problem with the design .
they all eventually get too cut up to use .
it would be hard to screw them up .
it now rest at bottom of a box .
not to mention it 's just a nasty consistancy .
please discontinue this product and show us something new .
definitely not hygenic if you have multiple people playing .
all ports are open and all my cables fit .
the game takes 2400 memory per game you create .
thank you so much i really loved it .
i would not recommend this to anyone at all .
i would not recommend this screen protector to anyone .
too often , pre-packaged meals come with high sodium .
i hate those guys that wear bluetooth earpieces .
thank god it washed right out the next morning .
that 's the only way i can use it .
neither set properly , and both smelled very sour .
and takes up just a little storage space .
maybe because i put it in the dishwasher .
put another brand on and it went on smooth .
the texture was grainy and just coated my tongue .
on my cheeks and forehead it worked great .
i am not one of those people sadly .
this is especially good when using small cloves .
definitely not fine as indicated in the description .
the case does not make the phone bulky .
i use the full-sized paper filters in it .
no smell.wish there was a secure off switch .
i am very disappointed with this linksys product ! .
i will buy a couple more of these hangers .
coffee or hot liquids get cool really fast .
if you want to waste money , get manhunt .
each tray only holds up to 1/2 cup .
but when i started to text i was unhappy .
i bought this lotion after a friend recommended it .
it 's not hard to set up or use .
this is the perfect size for my family .
i bought this watch because of the style .
even provoking the police gets boring after a while .
then , it shut down for no apparent reason .
we 're definitely getting a refund on this garbage .
the back-light is good and so are the buttons .
we received this toy as a present recently .
the replacement anker astro works great so far .
i didnt get a true taste of coffee .
cheap product need more/thicker material when making product .
both devices are hard wired with cat 5 cable .
but it is very attractive and good looking .
did n't care bout the money i wanted them .
my other gripe is the design of the cradle .
we have an intermittent rat problem in my neighborhood .
i got this for her and she was thrilled .
they were not hefty enough for my cat .
unfortunately this latest batch is excessively and disgustingly sweet .
besides this , they look fine and well made .
my brain biochemistry is negatively affected by it .
it would crash every time i opened an app .
product was shipped quickly from toy 4 kids .
now i have fresh-squeezed orange juice almost every day .
the graphics are okay ; not great but good .
the rice is just a bit under cooked .
finding the perfect station takes a couple days .
i was very impressed with the customer service .
ilove that it has a magnet on the back .
guess what , i had the exact same problem .
i gave this to my daughter xmas of 2008 .
these pads do not pass water/steam very well .
it makes a huge difference in terms of listenability .
then i weighed myself while holding two 20 lb .
it feels good and that 's the important thing .
this will affect my shopping at amazon considerably .
we use this at least once a day .
i also like the brush to be very stiff .
this product is a poor representation of sennheiser quality .
i removed the switch and spliced the cable .
this was my third shipment of gunpowder green .
there are so many after market batteries on amazon .
this is a top of the line pot .
this is the perfect grind for my french press .
this product made no difference at all for me .
we ate 'real whipped cream ' throughout the holiday .
i feel comfortable leaving it on low all day .
i am now taking metformin and clomid to conceive .
they peel off the mini cupcakes without any problem .
my bf got me onto using these glass bowls .
i have been fighting sinus and flem in chest .
this is n't the biggest mug in the world .
the is a great splash guard and pouring shield .
i have resorted to duct taping it shut .
i wish it was a little softer though .
when doing so my wireless signal went to zero .
i purchased this charger in july of 2011 .
for some reason though i keep breaking this size .
i made a good pick with this one .
and it adds a nice glow to a room .
the fixed version is holding up so far .
i use this to bake vegetables and potatoes .
good quality and serves it purpose well for me .
the maps are fun and fairly well balanced .
stylish design and can be used for any drink .
i have to turn tv up with this on .
i ordered 3 cables and one was defective .
these work great for my nesco snackmaster dehydrator .
too high for my shih tzu to get into .
this is fun for our daughter to play with .
mine arrived with no way to turn it on .
this is a really nice set of measuring spoons .
it is not for 1 yo for sure .
it is much hotter then his older grills .
this was a great deal for parchment paper .
the produt has quality and it loos durable .
produces coffee much better than my french press .
so i called and got a toy company .
this works better and cleanup is much easier .
this is true on both windows and mac .
i would suggest buying another brand of crotchless pantyhose .
i am using it on a panasonic cordless phone .
you will never fry in a pan again .
i was going over things three or four times .
i would recommend the schick double-blade over this one .
they replaced it with one doing the same thing .
the stand holds my 7 inch tablet well .
this is the best model that i have used .
if i want to use metal utensils no worries .
but as of now , this game just sucks .
i will just stay with trader joe 's thins .
she used this and eco style olive oil gel .
the overall construction of the device is cheaply made .
i picked at it for over half an hour .
the case is a huge dust and lint collector .
so i replaced it w/ a new board .
it hold lots of jars , its very large .
given the limited selection of dungeon crawlers on ps2 .
this item is exactly what you think it is .
i wore them at night , on both feet .
let 's see what we can stuff on here .
i thought this was so cute and it was .
nice modern print and the usual durability of corelle .
it 's barely larger than a normal dinner plate .
we returned it and ordered this farberware one instead .
the bottom line : i recommend this item highly .
i own those pans and use them constantly .
there *is* no guaranteed fix for this known issue .
i purchased this rice cooker about a month ago .
i would recomend this over the more exoensive openers .
it is a stylish accessory but not very useful .
this product works well and i recommend to everyone .
it has been sitting in my drawer since .
its just a robe with lace on the back .
snk suffers from too many gameplay and animation problems .
i never went out the door with this junk .
it 's not a miracle pillow but it helps .
they are too short and the material is bunched .
i use it for pancake and waffle batter .
those peals gave both my dogs terrible diarrhea .
i intensely dislike the spandex-whatever-elasticized panels on the sides .
i got freshly ground flower from that same bakery .
go to the internet type in xbox mod chip .
i have bought wilton stuff for many years .
it got good reviews so i ordered one .
had a cheaper one before that finally died .
you can not see the line on the eye .
i use this for storing cold cuts and salads .
there are two scoops shown for each disher .
it does not do anything for your eyes .
it is very reasonable in price and works great .
this case is great , the padding is unbelievable .
i have no qualms about recommending this grinder .
no jitters but too many pills to take .
does not wiggle around or feel loose at all .
do yourself a favor and get something else .
but some products do a better job than others .
lastly , the speaker holes are not ideally placed .
wo n't be buying fruit of the loom again .
i turn the largest element on high and go .
i would give negative 5 stars if i could .
less rubbing and bouncing around equals less static electricity .
first let me say , i love my iphone .
if this has no affect then total thumbs down .
i tested applying just a little to a lot .
she does seem to enjoy eating them , though .
33 % of the calories come from fat .
excellent contruction and helped decrease my heel pain .
after a 2nd try i received the same product .
this item is not break away as it claims .
now her cookies comes out perfect to her imagination .
great for cleaning the 3 qt base also .
this case has more than paid for its self .
before the bottom coating cracked/wore off once again .
i would not purchase from this company again .
i 'd actually rate it at 2 1/2 stars .
it does not slip on the counter top .
will be trying out plan toys and hape next .
the tips are supposed to be mirrored and shiny .
now that would be the holy grail of bras .
but , as some comments point out- be forewarned .
this is what i wanted and the right price .
there should be a rating of zero stars .
this polish is below average in that arena .
this is the wrong way to use it .
this is the perfect size for frothing milk .
it turnout to be one box with 20 tablets .
i could taste the ginger and the lemon flavor .
been wanting to try these for a while .
but with current pricing that is not attractive .
i tried breaking it when the kids were asleep .
i have no problems with the foodsaver rolls .
the game is also a bit too dark .
i love this slicer and what it can do .
we now consider this feature a wash out .
it 's back to the drawing board for me .
so what is important when reviewing measuring cups .
by the next day they had refunded my money .
it 's very sturdy for such a simple design .
there is also a small pocket inside the case .
well give one a try with a lid .
i love the colors and they are well made .
different story.first of all , the smell is bad .
it is really cute and is easy to use .
this skillet seems to be working great so far .
it tasted a lot more like cloves to me .
this is on the normal difficulty i might add .
but if you buy this spatula you will .
and it easily slips into my front pocket .
but no meteors to email to network tv yet .
i try it many different ways but no luck .
the most comfortable headset i have ever worn .
the product i received is not from benefit cosmetics .
i also have no issue re keeping case close .
the battery life on this unit is great .
nothing against the presto - it works as advertised .
i do n't like the smell of this shampoo .
as such , it is basically a rub-in hairspray .
they also made my face feel dry and parched .
it was a really useful item while it worked .
this met expectations and was not overly expensive .
bite the bullet and stick with foodsaver brand .
this is a good product at a reasonable cost .
apply to the screen and squeegie the liquid out .
came in on time and in great shape .
hopefully a real antenna in my attic will help .
i bought this milk frother about three years ago .
i highly recommend these headsets to any blackberry user .
put the top on , and then let go .
but they forgot to account for actual buyers .
i bought these bars because they have minimal ingredients .
will use until i can find something better .
no phone will last 24 hours with use .
this ensures an evenly toasted crunch on both sides .
so there is definitely a defect in these machines .
i will keep you posted if it comes off .
the sound and signal are loud and clear .
a nice teapot in a blue willow design .
i sent them back thanks to amazon for that .
i guess i will need to be extra careful .
it is nothing more than super hold hairspray .
my husband really likes it - simple to use .
i suffer from severe asthma and other respiratory problems .
i switched back to the e71 at lunch .
this might present an issue in some cutting applications .
this filled the need nicely with great quality .
gamgee which is the beginning of the action genre .
the did a really poor job on the features .
did n't have any affect on my crazy dog .
thgis was so great that i bought 2 .
now they do n't reply to any more emails .
we used it on flax and sesame seeds .
i use at least one of them everyday .
the r & l markings are clearly legible .
that might take a little getting used to .
the problem was in how tight it was .
there was absolutely no plot in this game .
the volume is turned all the way up .
this thing really makes no sense at all .
cup of coffee that is very good tasting .
not sure what to do with them now .
everyone needs a pyrex 2 cup measuring cut .
i found this nissan unit just a few oz .
i looked at tutorials using this and tried .
well , we received the coffeemaker and love it .
i had multiple iv infusions while using it .
they were/are very comfortable around my big head .
web browsing with edge technology is surprisingly fast .
i use this every day and it 's great .
better than nordic ware and i have both .
that is not enough liquid to keep itself warm .
i do n't know what else i can say .
charges my nokia n9 at a fairly fast rate .
but i remember it did the job well .
sorry , i never got to wear these slippers .
well , i do use plastic utensils on it .
i 've had this mandolin for about 10 years .
it feels very flimsy , and looks very cheap .
ignore the positive reviews for these batteries folks .
i was very careful to follow the directions completely .
purchasing these , i was expecting dried tart cherries .
it slides in and out without a problem .
the sterling silver inner parts are just fine .
these are absolutely the best i have ever used .
the missions are extremely unforgiving and hard boring .
i read this on a game related website .
i used to date this girl who loved scrabble .
what people will sell under the wrong name .
every last little detail you have to scrutinize .
the on/off button bluetooth is a simple slide up/down .
a hassle to carry / insert / remove .
i did not like this lotion at all .
what a difference a good burr grinder makes .
very dissapointed for the price i paid for this .
not only that , it gets better with use .
for me , it only increased the mucus flow .
i use it every other day at least .
bought for use with my home brew setup .
second set i purchase , founded here for less .
i really do n't care for it at all .
it looks better in the picture than it is .
used for breads lately as well as pizza .
this line of cookware from cuisinart is just outstanding .
take the whole thing out in the sink .
i ordered this because i wanted a clear protector .
overall i believe this was the right size .
i am very happy with this iphone cord .
the taste is awesome and tastes nothing like vitamins .
it literally sounded like i was playing tapes again .
my little helper is over 6 years old now .
the printing up near the rim was missing .
well worth the price for a well made tool .
this product deserves about a negative 10 star designation .
pry them apart and see , as i did .
writing this now with my ampen on an ipad .
it produces lot of hissing noise and static .
makes the iphone way too uncomfortable in your hand .
this make cooking and eating eggs a lot easier .
it works well enough , but feels *slightly* cheap .
very convenient as you use it like sugar .
perhaps those with drier skin will see more effect .
any of the three will make acceptable pasta dough .
especially not if it 's something you care about .
i bought this toy for my lab and sharpie .
then comes this new version after all this time .
this model has some internal bag roll storage .
i have had one for years and love it .
do n't dissapoint your kid with this engineering failure .
it tastes better than straight tap water too .
this holds heat spectacularly well and is so even .
this should have been fixed before being released .
the 2-watt speaker is adequate for city streets .
they clean easily and are holding their color nicely .
this one is not the one to use .
perhaps we 've had it about a year now .
but when it came i could see why .
the roadster serves as a great bluetooth-to-fm transmitter .
i love the variety in these cookie cutters .
i bought this for my boyfriend for christmas .
it arrived after about a week and a half .
to my dismay , it only makes one layer .
most are not safe out of the box .
i keep it in the car for hands-free driving .
we 're still waiting a call back on this .
then add 12 oz of water and gently stir .
this was my first pair of merrell shoes .
i would recommend the jabra clipper for active use .
cost too high for my amount of wear .
so it does what it is suppose to .
the extended battery has made my phone useful again .
i would recommend it for the note 2 .
would recommend ones with snaps down both feet .
good for little girls or one time use .
for the price it is hard to beat .
the warranty is also only one year vs .
the worst cell phone i have ever owned .
the back also help prevent scratches to the camera .
these baskets have helped me to organize my freezer .
the key negative is the long delivery time .
mesh fine enough so that grease does n't splatter .
i hate it when my email is ignored .
have owned this model for about 1 1/2 years .
i was mistaking and can not stand it .
the small would 've worked perfectly for her size .
i am regretful i purchased this shoddily designed item .
this does a pretty good job opening them .
this is great for my large breville toaster oven .
i 've already thrown away my electric can opener .
this morning i had sunbutter on gluten free bread .
good tool to add to your kitchen utensils .
i use it about 4 times a week .
the handle is smooth and tight on the tang .
it just gives me a headache every time .
overall a great product that i would recommend .
i emailed breville several times with no success .
feel like i paid too much for them .
the wand we received looks nothing like the picture .
this product did not work for me at all .
i had this whisk when i was a kid .
perfect when you have to halve a recipe .
second , the rest of the mixture remained lumpy .
my son received this toy as a gift .
it was overly sweet and a strange orange flavor .
other than this one , just buy cheaper mr .
if this is certified it cant be happend .
my kids were so freakin excited to use this .
the boss of level 3 is robot axel .
i was impressed with the product for the money .
i expect to use them for several presidential administrations .
this thermos is both well-made and keeps coffee hot .
put this one in the goodwill bag today .
i 'm still glad i spent the extra money .
this is like my 3rd press i think .
made sparks fine with a pocket knife though .
the game play is a crawl-balance-move away from identical .
this is like fifth bluetooth headset i have used .
this is an inferior phone with tons of issues .
it works great and i highly recommend it .
this toy does n't need a hammer at all .
the itouch might break if i drop it .
may put some cookbooks up there as well .
it does n't add to much to the phone .
i bought a very lightly used dms-320 from amazon .
this is my appliance of choice for making quesadillas .
bashed in it are horrendous moments of frustration .
i am always look for half of it .
the design also is prone to human error .
i will report any new changes to my skin .
verizon wanted triple that price for all three items .
the large one fits the extra large tips perfectly .
i 'm particularly pleased with them as dessert dishes .
the tamperis exactly as it appears in the picture .
we use it every day and love it .
edges are thick and left groves in foot .
the desktop clock view is really nice too .
being a mastiff he is on the large size .
we 've had this waffle maker for 1.5 years .
i also bought the apple care protection plan .
the shaft never bends under a heavy load .
the graphics are ordinary , certaintly not anything special .
we house sat for friends a few years back .
you can use it locally or with the remote .
there 's nothing but literally the puzzle pieces themselves .
i have the same criticisms as many others .
i liked this a lot while it worked .
conflict vietnam is a squad based third person shooter .
i do not recommend using it with the brewstation .
it works fine , and is exactly as pictured .
i always find myself pushing the ear buds in .
i bought this shape sorter for my daughter .
it has ample room without being too big .
there 's nothing not to love about this skillet .
so even with low expectations i ended up disappointed .
but i keep my coffee in a 1-qt .
i was sooo disappointed in this raisin bran cereal .
you get all the garlic and its juices too .
ive had this cup for a couple of years .
this is a terrible ball for small dogs .
i also noticed the color was washed out .
this system dried out my skin too much .
the touch screen is just an attraction to customers .
needed a protective case and this one is perfect .
you can just cut to size and seal .
i am constantly cleaning litter she throws everywhere .
i now get between 24-36 hours between charges .
amazon does a great job shipping them also ! .
but the perfect beaker just keeps steaming along .
any other set would have been long gone .
i have tried to contact the company without success .
honest to god clear skin that rarely broke out .
i think this will be much better overall .
wife used it and said it work great .
we have had it for approximately one month .
this is a plastic toy not suitable for chewing .
this works really well with my lg env .
i have already purchased a different brand from amazon .
it does not heat in a even manner .
not such a great deal for me afterall .
but certainly works great on this ambidextrous model .
they worked just fine and made it very affordable .
and half a star for the fun factor .
this is a very good case for minimalists .
i would n't recommend them for this reason alone .
the heating elements are thinner than a paper clip .
a charging connector is a standard micro usb connector .
i highly recommend this for a fast charge .
i have been reluctant to use a bluetooth .
i thought the weight was looking a bit short .
just be sure to wash and dry by hand .
the dishes fit fine in my cabinets.bottom line is .
also , the seams on mine are completely different .
they stay nice using even the sharpest knife .
the sharp is lightweight , easy to put together .
received the earlier model of the same case .
they get stinky quickly and they hate baths bigtime .
it is easy to use and easy to clean .
it works on hard cheeses and soft cheeses .
it does what it is suppose to do .
it does its job and the price is decent .
this is a great knife that arrives quite dull .
i 'm replacing all my cookware with lodge logic .
this is a perfect fit for my droid x .
it still ended up leaking on the sides .
it is the perfect size for one person .
so , i ordered this set of baking pans .
i have owned this machine for two years .
you have to tape it to your head .
he learns a few additional moves but nothing spectacular .
it was way too small for an adult head .
fortunately , these perform very well in this area .
it stores well in our fridge which is nice .
plug it in to charge up the unit .
it is exceptionally well balanced and almost infinitely adaptable .
this crock came packaged like a museum piece .
i need to clean it 3-4 times a year .
these scissors are too small and hurt my finger .
to me kitchenaid brand was synonymous with quality .
cross the street and find a better game .
having said that , the campaign is not awesome .
they bend when you apply any pressure to them .
so i decided to give the e72 a try .
my son raved about it and he has two .
this is heavy duty and seems well crafted .
especially when two of us have cell phones .
five stars for excellent coffee and ease of use .
i use it for my cellphone and gps .
typical lodge quality in a very large package .
these babies are heavy duty and good quality .
other products are better for the same purpose .
the main game is decent but relatively short .
all possess the same plucky , happy-go-lucky adventurer personality .
well , after setting things to be plugged in .
i just received my muffin magic this afternoon .
this is basic and it provides basic functional protection .
it was the best $ 5 i ever spent .
i use it everyday and its been great .
i literally had no idea what was going on .
after a month they had still not shipped .
missing the part that hooks to the hose .
everything i had heard about this sweeper was positive .
it works wonderfully and is very well made .
so i added another cup of hot water .
and i got grounds in my cup too .
they are comfortable enough to wear for a while .
laughable but not the look i was going for .
have n't found a good allen company product yet .
it is very loud on the turbo setting .
it cliked and clanked when the tape engaged .
wish there were more examples to choose from .
very disappointing and i should have known better .
for me , that alone is worth the price .
the big issue is : it is not interactive .
it took a couple hours to fully charge .
to release just press the button the back .
the kitchenaid hand blender is a quality cooking tool .
separator is very good with little fat carryover .
the product is not made in the u.s.a .
either the xbox 360 or ps3 will do .
i never worked that well to begin with .
removing algae is little more than a side benefit .
sorry amazon.i hope this was helpful to you .
my nails are always constantly chipping and peeling .
least ways not one which retains the flame/heat .
i thought that would work better for voice dialing .
i seem to use it on a daily basis .
this is a great product at a fair price .
bought this and it works just like the original .
this makes me reluctant to try the other flavors .
maybe the ducks at the park will eat them .
it may be better for people with dry skin .
i do not recommend this 40oz box to anyone .
they looked much more expensive than they were .
all it did was left pink on my face .
but unfortunately there was an utter failure to deliver .
amazon comes through again ! this press is perfect .
throw the included trivet down onto the bottom .
android users should definitely check out the pebble .
it is also useful for making chilis and soups .
or how long of a stream constitutes one squeeze .
the enemy ai and the weapons physics are ridiculous .
it left my hair heavy feeling and unpleasant smelling .
the game play and graphics are poor and buggy .
i created my own labels with avery template .
it replaced a rubbermaid spoon that was discontinued .
and they were so not super low riders .
so i guess i just had a bad part .
very disappointed after reading all the good reviews .
the quality of the call was very good .
i 'm glad i only purchased the mini bottle .
i like my camera to be slim and small .
on this larger pot it takes about 21 minutes .
this set just finished the original set we had .
it is nothing that they say it is .
i 'm a little unimpressed with the mojo bars .
i am afraid this one does not work either .
let me say i love the survivor tv show .
the magnets on this holder are extremely powerful .
anyways worth the money and protects your phone .
it tasted a little too dry to me .
the problem is that they actually look ugly .
they are tight and flush with the outside .
i like that the lid locks into place .
it heats evenly and cleans up very nicely .
3g speeds were about 1mb per second download .
most recently the red part broke off of it .
hand wash and towel dry immediately after use .
a servant in hong kong cost much more .
its interface is very nice.documentation is pretty poor .
i was very pleased with this little chopper .
however , sadly it is not up to par .
it 's a great pan and a great value .
i had heard nothing but positive reviews on re4 .
really nice , sturdy measuring cups with good grips .
it is not made for the elite series .
or you can find cookbooks that outline the style .
you might as well stir it with a spoon .
i actually had to take the battery out .
we have not had any problems with these cases .
with my normal product , i love the smell .
it is very pleasant in texture and odor free .
such a pity as the harness is fabulous ! .
but then other reviews had the same problem .
my daughter was very excited , opened the box .
this is a nice light weight steel turner .
outdoor experience was good and clear for both ends .
sent it back and had my $ $ refunded .
i sent it back for a sony over-the-head headset .
they have never vomited on any other food .
this is a nice , heavy gauge pie pan .
i bought three bottles , all sprayed very poorly .
but we will see how this fan holds up .
why rival quit making them is beyond me .
the watch is water resistant to 200 meters .
there has to be a better unit out there .
the included software is pretty much useless in 2009 .
the case was shipped fast and was well protected .
black hawk makes some great tactical bags and gear .
she said she should have bought these years ago .
this opener easily clamps on to the can .
the part send does not support 45long colt .
imagine gluing together layers of cardboard then slicing them .
i now use this as my daily alarm clock .
this was a gift from our wedding registry .
it has remained very sharp and easy to maintain .
good price for large quantity - 100 cups .
just wish it had a little more power .
i 've seen no fading that i can tell .
construction and cell phones do n't really blend well .
it was cheap and it does it 's job .
after about three weeks it just abruptly quit .
one of the best gsm unlocked on the market .
no dents have occurred after all these years .
heat it before you put dough on there .
it was a very good price via amazon .
they both make great iced tea especially loose teas .
all by leaving them on a single charging pad .
the whole thing just seems a strange combination .
other than the chipped mug they seemed ok .
it would be nice if they had difficulity levels .
it is not anything like what is pictured .
i absolutely loved lords of the realm 2 .
but , it broke in a couple of weeks .
the fun factor just is n't there for me .
construction is solid , not cheaply made at all .
this is the perfect knife for those in-between jobs .
i do n't think this thing worked at all .
i 've had these speakers for a few years .
if it is important , find a different watch .
she charged it fully and used them right away .
the case always comes out with little pressure .
i recommend buying a blue rigger 6ft usb cable .
i decided to stick with the disposable type .
the smell actually keeps me from using it .
our fairly-typical coffee mugs appear to hold 10 ounces .
this set have many uses in kitchen.highly recommended .
you have to press harder than with standard pens .
for two people , this size is just right .
i will stick with my qvc natural brands .
racers from all over the galaxy come to compete .
it just tastes weird to me and odd .
pole snapped while setting up in my living room .
i purchased the mini less than 3 months ago .
it really is so helpful when i am cooking .
the auto=wind appears to be on the blitz .
i love having this set rather than plastic .
my cats did not like this at all .
i ordered two sets one day around 9:30 a.m .
i was not really impressed with this sprayer .
the sleep/wake button is pretty difficult to push .
there are so many colors , shapes and sizes .
just stay away when it comes to music .
i am very disappointed at the low flow rate .
it fits perfectly and has a handy pocket .
overall this is a very good baking/pizza stone .
we bought this as a christmas gift for relatives .
when it did work it worked very well .
this is panasonic quality at an excellent price .
i wish i had seen the fda warningd .
not anything at all like what i expected .
i should have bought one of these years ago .
we loved them since we are big coffee drinkers .
the rubber strap is not very comfortable either .
i had absolutely no complaints regarding these economy models .
however these newer ones are now made in china .
just let it go and do its thing .
we like the grips more than anything else .
heavy duty pasta roller and cutters work great .
maybe donate to disabled vets group or something .
will keep you informed on the other 19 .
this is the best stand mixer i have owned .
not much else i can say about the product .
have a nice day and you have been warned .
it was extremely static and just felt scripted .
it just did n't feel comfortable in my hand .
it 's just a vitamin for crying out loud .
this usb car charger works well on it .
imagine having your ears constantly bent for hours .
these glasses are everything they were purported to be .
i use this pan for everything but omelets .
please move on and find a funner game .
and i use both of them for one phone .
my fave pasta to make is spinach flavored .
this is a very well made fondue pot .
this is a wonderful little mini donut pan .
but minor compared to the ease of use .
amazon almost always has difficult items to find .
then plug her in and let her blow .
these are good , straight forward paper coffee filters .
it irritates eye area even for non-sensitive skin .
it is durable and a good size for baking .
this is a great set for storing left overs .
i purchased this item to dry my car .
milkput all ingredients into a 9 inch pie pan .
no cheats = no debug = no exploring .
she sifts through and leaves the orchard grass behind .
my network is hardwired and i use linksys routers .
very pleased and they look great on the counter .
the character does'nt interact with the environment very well .
it just seems a little bulky to store .
the non-stick finish all-clad uses wears like iron .
it 's a protein and antioxidant drink in one .
this set of pan has all of those qualities .
also use it on pears and potatoes and carrots .
still a huge improvement over box and oval designs .
much cheaper than going to the sprint store .
this product is a little hard to review .
but the opening for your ear is significantly smaller .
the large was oversized in an unflattering way .
makes even high end computer screens look bad .
they are easy to pair with the ipod touch .
do n't think they mention that in the listing .
over the years the inside has become mostly brown .
he never quite made it on the mat .
you need a steady and slow panning hand .
she loves it and i would recommend it .
this is really strong plastic and a good design .
it did nothing but make the fleas angry .
we call her houdini , but this is ridiculous .
i prefer the weight of stainless steel over plastic .
i could almost say no just for azazel .
but it is about the best bluetooth out there .
but again , you need space to keep it .
i kn ow my son will love it .
i used to love these energizer aa lithium batteries .
this thing fell apart quickly and never really worked .
an emery board works in a pinch : ) .
a recommended but for the price and value .
i can not respond to how the product was .
i bought this item because of the reviews .
this matched perfectly and is just what i wanted .
she loves it and i like it as well .
works well for a sifter of flour and such .
this is a great little electric knife set .
the boards are a lot smaller on multiplayer .
the cord ultimately looked like an electrical taped mess .
as in a 9 out of 10 very good .
this is a great pan for the money .
it did not even smell like real moroccan oil .
they have several sizes and types of plugs .
i have older ones to compare it to .
bought this for my dear husband as a surprise .
it 's a space saver and a time saver .
once i tasted it , i regretted my decision .
this dish holds about two sticks of butter .
the new version is much sturdier and works great .
the non-paper permanent filter is a real plus .
i keep my coffee beans and grounds in them .
now smaller foods wo n't fall through the cracks .
conclusion : this is a good small-size pepper grinder .
this is a cotton front closure posture bra .
i use them to hang heavy motorcycle jackets on .
i would say this is a bad value .
get a good 7 1/2 x 26 instead .
no need to clean between trays of cookies .
the side-by-side sifting action works fine for my needs .
it just kept absorbing water and growing larger .
i also got a permenant filter for him .
looks almost like gym chalk spilled on the sidewalk .
no worries about them melting in the dishwasher either .
this garbage is going back to dlink today .
loved the deffender case hated the apple phone .
i even ran max payne just fine on this .
i used it a bit before the trip .
i think it looks great out on the counter .
as expected , they did not steer me wrong .
it falls over when you are using it .
recently the product was repacked but also reformulated .
so i 'll be giving it a try then .
i use it for stir frying and nothing sticks .
solid stainless steel with leveling feature that is great .
this is a good unit for the price .
i found out they cancelled the subscribe & save .
if you want a high quality made in u.s.a .
i would have liked to have and use this .
i never know what to do about cutting boards .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
it now sits unused , taking up counter space .
however , this product is below par for me .
with this phone , i have forwarded my pager .
amazon was gracious and allowed me to return it .
i have never used a nicer cheese cutter .
this is just advertising hype for a below-average product .
pyrex made a good choice putting these pieces together .
conical burr grinder that is all that i needed .
you can add grommets or snaps which may help .
the handle is really great because of its texture .
the finer the setting , the longer it takes .
i 've only ever used traditional home kitchen blenders .
the color was a little off for me .
however , this is only due to my preference .
i would recommend getting an extra screen or two .
do yourself a favor and buy the senseo .
but not holding my breath on that one .
bought this based on seeing it on shark tank .
very nice for such a variety of users .
the same with all philosophy fragrances and products .
you can microbe and put in oven too .
i love the majority of samsung accessories for gs3 .
could n't confirm this on the foodsaver site either .
what a rip off for folkswho really trust amazon .
i love the clip and also the snug fitting .
i wish i had seen the other one .
this case offers excellent protection to the iphone .
i received a box of casmir from amazon .
i do lube the nylon gears after each use .
this bluetooth headset has now replaced my normal one .
this is the secret to 10 minutes fresh pasta .
i also ordered the seperate charger for this battery .
i got this doll and i was soo excited .
that took some time to make the sugar syrup .
i have not been sorry for a single day .
fit nicely on the shelf and in the dishwasher .
everything went as expected , very easy to do .
does not have tips like 1m , 2d etc .
this slow cooker is perfect for personal meals .
virtually flavorless ice balls.the kit itself is a mess .
nothing a regular mini usb charger could n't do .
i had this same model for 3 years .
the handles are too long for personal use .
you use it once and just know it works .
i was concerned about his injesting the parts .
the center top toast faster than the rest .
just was n't thinking when i did purchase it .
i have had this coffeemaker for about 2 months .
i found this game totally tedious and frustrating .
this one is a huge pass for me .
minish trys to look just like wind waker .
i have installed at least 6 other bike computers .
the rubber surround is like a lint magnet .
i am not so crazy about this cream .
i stopped using it and notice rash disappeared .
arrows bend easily and should not be considered multi-use .
purchase this if you want to see for yourself .
this is a very well constructed and sturdy cable .
i agree with the uematsu fanboys on this one .
not a problem but seems archaic in design .
no more kung pao mixed with sweet & sour .
reviews on this one are a little misleading .
this is perfect for all my wrapping paper .
cupcakes or corn bread comes out great every time .
overall , this seems to do a decent job .
until this year , these chocolates were the best .
so i am not able to recommend this product .
just a lazy manufacturer not finishing the painting job .
who knows how long that plastic sleeve will last .
this is just what i was looking for .
i always read reviews before i buy something .
these toe separators did not work for me .
not much plot here , just lots of slashing .
only the clear porcupine prongs touch your hair .
needed something that fit in my toaster oven .
i had the same result with the nozovent anti-snore .
that said , it is very effective against light .
so i do n't think it was my fault .
no big deal given the price i guess .
very loud when it is on the high setting .
i like it better than my metal laof pans .
i do n't have to do this any more .
love the handles and the color is great .
the basket works with both fish or vegatables .
i use this to make quick breads and coffeecakes .
on top if it adds it own hiss .
the design is pretty basic , but not unattractive .
this knife looks great and performs even better .
there is no way to fit anything else .
it is very sharp , and it works well .
no complaints from folks on the other end .
9 hours of mouth-watering goodness.clean-up was a breeze .
lovely has such strong flowery and citrusy notes .
mcdougal product , the amount of sodium is inexcusable .
they do n't feel flimsy or bendable at all .
overall the amzer trumps the seidio in almost everything .
had a lot of trouble with the roof .
the gps seems not to have any agps support .
it picks up sound ok , but not great .
so one has to evaluate base on price .
it just makes me feel better about my tripod .
i guess you get what you pay for .
equally powerful compared to our small tank type vaccum .
it is super easy to clean as well .
this will be my second of these scrapers .
the microphone is incredibly sensitive but not overly so .
i look forward the maturing of this technology .
poached eggs are a very civilized breakfast food .
and then i took like 5 tsps more .
i ended up dumping the entire first cup .
really comfortable handle and a great whisk to have .
overall i love and highly recommend this steamer ! .
pays for itself after the first few uses .
ffxi features all you 'd expect in a mmorpg .
then you wonder how you ever liked it .
i enjoyed playing nox more than diablo ii .
works well , protects phone and screen as well .
this otterbox defender is not the color i ordered .
that 's how beef jerky is supposed to be .
this is really nothing more than a charger .
verizon has international data plans for travelling as well .
i will not get this product next time .
i have not found one that i truly like .
it works fine , although i had some doubts .
i was quite surprised by the great bass output .
this cover fits nicely and looks super nice .
i found that my 9x13 cake pan worked perfectly .
i will buy from this seller againthank youteresa zermeno .
bought these to use for salads and cake/brownie mixes .
this pan allowed me to brown the ground meat .
it 's sturdy enough for light to normal use .
it is very sturdy and very well made .
then number 4 in the spring and summer .
and it got wet and it just dissolved .
if you 're mounting to glass = no problem .
i can tell artificial wax on an apple .
check this befor popping for a more expensive global .
first : i did not over apply this product .
they do not make then for the iphone 4s .
all of my dogs have hated it , however .
the bodum santos vacuum coffeemaker makes excellent coffee .
my previous bluetooth was terrible at sound and range .
i should have opted for a better device .
i put the original back in and it worked .
i wish i had had it fifty years ago .
okay -- what is all this talk about cooking .
does the job and worked fine for me .
this is a wonderful unit for small jobs .
i can recommend it since they came as described .
i could only get 3 corners into the case .
this is a man made form of vit .
the dog bed sheds worse than the dog .
for now , but the other opens too easily .
you get a truck and race against someone .
it might be better with a more powerful pump .
awesome design you can match it with almost anything .
i should have known but took the chance .
i took it off and threw it away .
my mom had these tumblers in the 50 's .
works very well for our corning ware dishes .
it was the correct size and had no defects .
had three of these units fail within a year .
it worked well for about a year and half .
i cant believe they even sell this stuff .
it fit right and was easy to install .
because their is nothing to hold them still .
recommended where a larger size can is needed .
much better price than the chef supply store ! .
i also stared breaking out all the time .
so they did not really last all that long .
received within a week and the shipping was free .
nice little thermometer.but not as little as the description .
this extra power connection is a messy annoyance .
the packaging says it 's safe up to 430f .
works great for everything from eggs to steak .
the appearance , brilliance and weight is substantially different .
this spaetzel maker is very easy to use .
this is excellent for processing and sectioning chickens .
check out pacific natural foods organic almond milk .
all of my cleaning tools are dirt devil products .
smallest appropriate fuel is $ 11.05 on amazon prime .
i will recommend it to anyone who asks .
i 've had this item for several months now .
it does exactly as advertised and saved me money .
it is clearly worth the small price i paid .
i 'd buy it again if i needed another .
purhaps it was the size or the dose .
i would buy this coffeemaker again without hesitation .
the hardest part is remembering to change it ! .
they are also cleaning up great in the dishwasher .
good product and bought an anker battery as well .
no browsing , no phone dialing or receive functions .
i usually make toast , and it works great .
i use this with my cast iron cookware .
my 8 month old lab pup destroyed thischristmas morning .
mediocre results until hitting upon a great cookbook .
they look just like the ones in the photos .
the cotton pad gets caught on the face .
the pre-filter has been changed once so far .
i only got to use it a few times .
we insist on drinking our favorite coffee each morning .
and it makes a nice dessert for entertaining .
prunes have been shown to increase bone density .
none of my cats liked this catnip pawbreaker .
my husband likes to brew right after breakfast .
it does what it is supposed to do .
these earplugs did not work for me at all .
3 cartridge so their parents had something to do .
this is an impressive set for the low price .
but the brush was too stiff to use .
you add up points through about 10 mini-games .
the bad far outweighs the good in my opinion .
my eldest son learned how to play at 8 .
i have only had this for about two weeks .
save yourself $ 50 and buy the cheap ones .
disappointing based on the reviews i had read .
no sticking , no burn marks on the pan .
not the best purchase i have ever made .
but i do not favor the cream oil one .
do not buy , very uncomfortable and poor quality .
did buy a replacement perc knob just in case .
the manuals say that they 're for component video .
a roll of quilt batting will last months .
i use mine with the chemex unbleached filter squares .
impressive.i would not hesitate to recommend this headset .
it makes the perfect amount for one cup .
it constantly drains 1 ma even when off .
i use this when i make coffee for myself .
update 1/12/2014 , this rack is still going strong .
seriously disappointed in snowblind for releasing such buggy software .
i was surprised at how quickly it ran out .
wow this really brings back some great childhood memories .
i was hooked on this game from the start .
they are also pretty slim and take minimal space .
uses more grinds than average peculator or drip models .
comes up to heat quickly and regulates well .
this is a 100 % would buy again product .
it is light and much easier to handle .
this was the easiest protective cover i ever installed .
has a center ventilation hole and fits standard plates .
this item is great ! i love using it .
a pepper mill ought to be a buy-it-once-and-done investment .
i purchased this toy from trus for $ 14.99 .
hyalluronic acid is just not a helpful supplement .
good range of features and specifications for the price .
the size makes it easy to travel with .
it does the job i needed it for .
i used the original original brita for many years .
now i need replacements as both peeled off completely .
this pair of headset fulfills all my requirements .
i was able to use it for a while .
will modify position if it 's of usable caliber .
the food in the oven picks up the smell .
i occasionally smoke meats for weddings and private events .
my lab/bully mix had it apart in 5 minutes .
they are very thin and kind of flimsy though .
i also did not like the gel inserts .
the touchscreen is responsive and the colors look great .
the quality of the product is top rate .
for the casual bottle squeezer these might be fine .
this is my 5th otterbox case for various phones .
this works surprisingly well on my 2012 vw passat .
i enjoyed it a lot up to this point .
i have even used it for pork raosts .
the case is really hard to get off .
it also works very well in hot pans .
i received a new and original charger as advertised .
i sent them back and did not order replacements .
easy to take off and put back on .
control could have had more attention paid to it .
this bluetooth lasted me less than a week .
they are not silky smooth feeling as advertised .
i bought this mixer about 3 years ago .
on the other hand the return was handled quickly .
there were minimal bulles and it went on smooth .
boots were not even close to what i expected .
i have purchased about seven of these pans .
quality in this product a thing of the past .
run away and never look back at this game .
it is running just fine.the dough hook is wonderful .
this is the best butter cutter i have used .
i had to manually input my bicycle mileage .
i think the conditioner actually uncurled my hair .
buy some good rubber gaskets and it works fine .
some have written that this is too flexible .
this makes it hard to try to teach colors .
for the price it is a good value .
it is not really designed for a pc .
it provides some flexibility in case you need it .
water gets between the black plastic and clear plastic .
i also take a moment to dry the edges .
so definitely spray the pan before filling it .
no kitchen is complete without a set of pyrex .
and only 3 races ! i was very disappointed .
there are other electrical issues with it , too .
this is where i have to question my rating .
very happy with the fast delivery and nice pans .
extremely expensive too for this horrible skin care product .
it 's a thin line between challenge and frustration .
it is a loser of the first order .
compare that to the size of your phone .
that one had a lower handle and lower side .
i emailed customer service and heard nothing back .
i cooked bacon on it the first time .
the smaller attachments are conviently inside the top cover .
this stuff smells great but makes my hair stiff .
for me it is about the hellish nightmares .
quality was ok , leather seemed a bit stiff .
i purchased these to plug into walkie talkies .
it took about 10 minutes to unpack and install .
i learned about this knife set from my brother .
the battery did n't even come out.+ vibrant screen .
these fill the jars very well and wash well .
the case has an on/off switch in the bottom .
the zinc not strong enough to take continual use .
than i saw this gadget with many good reviews .
do n't waste your hard earned money on this .
i warm the chocolate milk everyday for breakfast .
he showed it to me for finding the reason .
it was a lovely addition to my buffet table .
thus i thought this might be a great match .
some cases have a tendancy to obtruct phone chargers .
we bought this for our 15 pound border terrier .
this is the best price on the net .
the protectors are thick & very crystal clear .
this is a must have for the phones .
i still use the case to this day .
someone mentioned not putting hot liquids in it .
after my husband ruined my only other 2-qt .
make sure you are in a dust free environment .
noticed the distinct metal-taste in whatever i cooked .
we had many battles against each other and friends .
this is the worst headset i have ever owned .
as for the product - it has been great .
i typically get 2-2.5 charges for my iphone 5s .
it does take awhile to get an 8 oz .
i like that it 's made of stainless steel .
no directions but fairly simple to put together .
trendnet has a better product for half the cost .
nothing sticks and clean up is a breeze .
sounds like caller is way off in a distance .
much better then the ones that are 6ft long .
i have many of the different size scoops .
go for a different make or model instead .
you get what you pay for i suppose .
i bought this to add to my fiesta collection .
once completed the phone looked new and worked perfectly .
it was flimsy and cracked when it arrived .
not for pets easily put off by smell .
i would not recommend this toy for anyone .
you can barely notice the cover from the front .
i also encounter occasional errors in their listings .
the sprinkles start to come off soon after receipt .
the next day he shot most of the morning .
i would n't put anything super heavy on it .
i was expecting a heavier weight jersey fabric .
the sound quality is good on both ends .
exactly what i wanted for a great price .
the salt and pepper set are everything i expected .
worse yet , the player is loud and clunky .
i think this one will last much longer .
this is a high quality low maintenance product .
so much easier to use than my electric one .
soaking the rims in warm water did n't work .
try a 12-in or even a 10.5 in .
my short return to uninteresting leftover lunches vs .
i think , the old generation has firmware bugs .
this product performs well and was a good price .
great value and a very simple product to use .
it does not show smudges like others do .
they did not work for anyone in my family .
it needed an earpiece to direct into your ear .
i will be purchasing this item in the future .
the dishes arrived unbroken and are just beautiful .
this is very easy to hold veggie brush .
i topped this w/ a heavy night cream .
works well and the turn around time was good .
it looks good and feels good in your hands .
very low resolution and poor contrast all over .
guess i 'll just go for 7506s or something .
it seems to heat up quickly and evenly .
it is basically a very hard plastic ring .
for my various and different sized air filters .
this is a high quality fan worth every penny .
the easily to break ear hooks have been replaced .
no matter what we tried it would not work .
usb cables annoy the beejeebers out of me .
i called back tech support , after 30 min .
i have had the case for 7 months .
nothing to get your clothes caught or picked on .
i guess i 'll change the screen cover now .
definitely one piece of granite and very solid .
my cell phone which is a droid 2 .
they look like you paid alot more for them .
but this is not a normal nfl game .
cuisinart has always been a favorite brand of mine .
i wish it also came in a bigger size .
it is lightweight , and not of great construction .
i used to steam asparagus for 4 minutes .
it is truly awesome ! no complaints at all .
amazons return process was perfect with no hassles .
provides 2x2 image of whole slide plus mount .
excellent aesthetics and performance for this global 5-inch knife .
there also is n't very much flavor at all .
did use it once and it worked just fine .
this is a wonderful product and works as advertised .
this is simply aloe vera juice , plus superstition .
the rice container scratches easier that the ns-zcc10 .
it grinds really fine and fairly quickly , too .
it has great construction with a solid feel .
whether they trade it back in does n't matter .
i also like the side grips quite a bit .
and that 's just the tip of the iceberg .
i have a large family and use them everyday .
listen to the other reviews who rate it low .
there are no moving parts with this system .
the lids fit tightly and seem to be airtight .
never had a bug or weevil problem yet .
i have other bladed tools that are even older .
i wish i had read these reviews first .
a very good idea to help protect your bluetooth .
havent used it yet waiting for another full moon .
my 4 year old does n't play with this .
i use this case for my verizon iphone 4 .
i guess you get what you pay for .
after purchasing this brand and type of airtight jars .
its about 6 inches narrower than official olympic benches .
jabra street2 bluetooth stereo headset is a unique product .
this particular soup is not worth the money .
i picked up this jabra extreme2 bluetooth headset .
get ten six inch stylus pens for almost nothing .
even 2d games have more freedom of movement .
that solves lots of issues with the monitor .
my teeth are the same as they were .
i feel like i have to scrub very hard .
there are side jobs , but nothing significantly long .
works just like an electric can opener should .
no need to grease , they just slide off .
now foods have nutritionist who answered my questions .
the coffee tastes great and is nice and hot .
these bags are perfect for anyone who lives alone .
when i slice that way , it never sticks .
not practical for a normal work or casual belt .
the fit is superb and the support is excellent .
this is our second west bend egg cooker .
i have to say , he does good business .
it is substantial and should last for many years .
it looks cute and the red color is vivid .
think this will become my favorite chef 's knife .
a boon to anyone who has trouble opening jars .
for me the generiks brand beats them all .
this is why it works as a good slicer .
and it is not a substitute for fresh ginger .
it did not hold in the liquid at all .
i guess he does n't care it lacks quality .
they slide all over the place during play .
how every many hours you want to sleep .
good luck getting topeak to replace the part .
i personally did n't care for it at all .
i only bought these to use while running .
description said that it will improve cable modem signal .
fresh clean water is always good for you .
whenever the batteries are installed , it is on .
i use it for bread or pastry counter work .
i leave gps on most of the time .
other than that it was a good experience .
it also worked great on onions and cucumbers .
excellent price for a case , horrible design however .
seems to be as sturdy as it is attractive .
i do recommend the axe but not the seller .
fits the iphone 4s with bumper case perfectly .
i am looking for another similar case : ) .
this issue also made the mounting process inconveniently long .
but what they do say is quite a problem .
how can you beat an end boss without weapons .
i use the accusharp sharpening tool when needed .
they are well made and not too bulky .
this is better than cell phone extended battery .
it makes my hair look greasy and flat .
we can buy cheap wine and fool our friends .
ordered this for my 18 month old dog .
but i got a refund so no worry .
one of my favorite individual pieces from fiesta .
its too greasy to use as an everyday product .
for a few dollars more than the over-advertised mr .
i bought the anker pro and was disappointed .
anchor hocking know how to make glass products .
amazon removed my previous review of this product .
these work great for everyday chopping and cutting .
i always wear a b or medium width .
the professional 600 is my first stand mixer .
fthe shelf ft perfectly under my bathroom sink .
my husband took these for about 3 months .
i have no history of any health conditions either .
this is very much like a product called bubber .
already at the bottom on the toy chest ! .
i was really looking forward to getting these binoculars .
they worked great for the first few months .
oh , and the battery life is pretty decent .
we have used the salad shooter for years .
the scent must be re-applied every few days.4 .
the high end is fairly extended and not harsh .
they actually have chicken inside their chicken noodle soup .
i just wish they 'd upgrade the design already .
the jabra easygo bluetooth headset is no exception .
ok maybe this is exaggerating but i am impressed .
so far , it is exactly what i wanted .
with the wheels , it measures 24.25 in height .
i 've owned this pan for about two years .
they do have a reach of about 30 feet .
the plastic scoop/tamper that breville supplies is really flimsy .
i would definitely recommend these to my friends .
when i first saw these i wanted one .
other filers are like charnim to me now .
but not now.the most irritating thing is fighting .
its a game made to be very very quick .
this is the worst sunscreen i have ever used .
these are a great value for the money .
we bought this coffeemaker for our 20th anniversary .
i use 2 cups per 1 pint bag .
it also does not open and allow easy cleaning .
we switched to this chemex from a french press .
looks exactly like the picture and is awesome .
and we are just now changing the filter out .
i have bought much better cases for less .
i exfoliate my face on a daily basis .
the 2nd one experienced a few practice runs .
shopping with you is a joy for me .
looks like nothing works better than the original .
this stuff has a very powerful floral scent .
so we 're going on 7 years of use .
i expect it to last a very long time .
two stars because it was kinda soft and cute .
you can buy commercial products made for that purpose .
this double chai spice has a strange chemical flavor .
trust your instincts and just go with it .
delton scratch resistant screen protectors are pretty much garbage .
4 stars because i 've had it three weeks .
i have to say the graphics are great .
these containers might as well be considered child proof .
this results in strong coffee instead of actual espresso .
still i like the product enough to buy again .
first , the light crust setting is too dark .
my sheltie also pays no attention to it .
after looking it over , and thinking about it .
it takes only minutes to make perfect spaetzle .
if you want a butt crack show buy these .
you just twist the pieces together and its done .
there are like 4 colors for this bluetooth .
this wok 's greatest feature is the detachable bowl .
it did not last more than three games .
bought this for dear husband who makes my popcorn .
the spoons or forks have not bent at all .
and i could n't get anything done about it .
i have had the headset occasionally fall off .
i admit to being suspicious of this device .
and a strong dose tastes like cough syrup .
it still had some charge left in it too .
what i received was the curly pig-tail type corkscrew .
it fits perfectly on your ipod 3rd gen .
seems to me you get exactly what is advertised .
hopefully it will give me a few more hours .
fits samsung galaxy nexus with otterbox commuter case .
you get what you pay for with these .
made two pots using garbage coffee and dumped them .
once again i was disappointed at the results .
it would not recharge when phone plugged in .
the lid does not stay on very well .
i use this rice cooker several times a week .
the plastic spine holds it snug to the phone .
these three cases fit my 4s from verizon .
put this baby on and loved it ever since .
you just place it and it does the rest .
and they only had it for a few weeks .
not circumaural but more on-the -ear and very uncomfortable .
it is out of sight but oh so handy .
not much positive to say about the thing .
i like the responsiveness of the temperature control .
this was the only negative thing i could find .
pairing with your phone is automatic and quick.cons:1 .
in my experience it barely grinds celtic sea salt .
my basset was still as high strung as ever .
before ripping it out we decided to try this .
i used sealer for half gallon mason jars .
we get alot of use out of it .
you can nuke them but they loose their crispness .
i bought this to use with my chemex .
i did not like the product at all .
this did n't even come close to my expectations .
another side pocket would have made it perfect .
it just doesnt have sufficient flow to be practical .
but the controls could be a lot better .
do not waste your money like i did .
it became red and i had reaction with it .
so i bought this game expecting good things .
on pure looks , this feeder is a winner .
this product completely fails for the first two .
i was amazed at how well these pieces store .
i think those things have no use at all .
wonderful tool for a beginner or seasoned chef .
so i set the refrigerator to a warmer setting .
the bowl was fine , while he was eating .
this is the old faithful water filter pitcher .
the plastic coupling is not good and will fail .
i am a big fan of pyrex pans .
they are *all* high quality knives.built quality is excellent .
and the fact that they are almost indestructible .
basically scented hair oil in a spray can .
spend the money and get the other ones ! .
so the pictures look blurry through the plastic .
( i do wish they lasted a little longer .
the s10 has little to no low frequency .
works great and hold the charge a long time .
these jars were my first disappointing petmate purchase .
this kitchens of india discount purchase was disappointing .
nexus 5 uses slim port and not this format .
i did n't have much luck with this product .
and the soap smells like super strong cologne .
took forever for the tadpoles to reach frog status .
this is stupid mistake buy it waste my money .
it comes w/2 separate pressure settings expanding cooking options .
very poor quality , i ended up returning these .
it will not work on my iphone 5 .
they simply did not eat for two days .
it is a good buy just the same .
my favorite of the standard brands is still folgers.mrs .
almost all of the levels are strictly run-n-gun assaults .
i have big feet & typically wear 13w .
it is not great but it does work .
fortunately amazon is great and refunded my purchase price .
i prefer the hoover for shampooing a room carpeting .
it 's easy to use and does the job .
i would unhesitatingly recommend this product to a friend .
if you need a decent speaker system look elsewhere .
there are great looking sturdy stainless steel measuring cups .
i like this much better than the otto box .
i bought this coffemaker in march of 2000 .
it is hard plastic filled with heavy ballast .
i wish i had bought a different product .
i had high hopes when i opened the package .
i had break outs where i never did before .
i would not recommend it for multiple uses .
finally i got them to look uniform in size .
its really outdated for the ones manufactured today .
it gives me more room and i love it .
now i have more air flow and organization .
complete protection for those with the dropsies ? yes .
before the purifiers that was a daily thing .
this is an excellent scraper at a great price .
handle is marcel so it swivels and constantly moving .
originally bought it for a baby shower time game .
do n't even waste your money on a rental .
the quality is great and none have ever failed .
i also love that it makes perfect round scoops .
woo hoo ! so now we have two mr .
all you hear is the sound of air .
were not included so that makes this useless .
shaves about 20 minutes off the cook time .
i ordered this to have a few extra cables .
i have it and would recommend it to others .
i 've known about this for a long time .
i will not be using them next month .
stevia is so lightweight it needs a counterpart .
i would not reccommend this product to anyone .
we really like the little ridge around face .
this is thinner than a handkerchief i believe .
i also use it to make large omelettes .
not as good as the old yeowww by duckyworld .
this vacuum is surprisingly powerful for it size .
i 've used this charger for a day now .
i was unable to press garlic with this item .
it has dried strawberries which add some fruity flavor .
very sharp but does n't cut fingers or hands .
i love all of the jewels on this case .
anyway , the heft in these pieces is perfect .
dishwasher safe and may use an abrasive cleaner .
very nice set of measuring spoons for the price .
the price was good at under twenty dollars .
only a small annoyance , otherwise a good buy .
in our family each person gets a bowl .
absolutely the least intuitive dvd recorder you can buy .
the protector also causes kind of a weird glare .
i have been looking for light weight bowls .
so 4 out 5 dogs did not like these .
typically i just make one cup of rice .
the dark chocolate truffle flavor overpowers the coffee flavor .
the nintendo ds is such a better machine .
description says it will work with the new ipad .
wearing them into the world is a disaster .
it was more a peel and stick on thing .
wanted a more minimal case for my iphone .
this really protects my headset in my backpack .
i purchased the proctor silex 31111 toaster oven/broiler .
no more eastern european game designers for me .
so they never really feel cooked to me .
you quickly will forget that you have them on .
i have had this product for several months .
the size is great for a home kitchen .
i read the directions to the sharpener and began .
one for home and one for the office .
i am not sure of its hydration properties .
i love the color combination of the case .
the two buttons process food exactly the same way .
this vac is a monster in a tiny body .
much better than the plastic one i had before .
as for technical problems - none for me .
unfortunately , it has only limited functionality with motospeak .
i wish i would have bought it sooner ! .
i love them for my home day care .
got this on whim on a lightning deal .
wow ! who needs to leave home to shop .
it give one less cord to carry on plane .
the applicator is slippery and falls right off .
i have other bluetooth devices that work fine .
bakes at same temperature setting as big oven .
it can be noisy but not too bad .
over the years , i have tried so many .
this product was provided for me by my company .
a good knife should be sharp , of course .
it states not to tamp the grounds down .
it looks and smells like its from motorola .
great pan for crepes or every day cooking .
i 'm impressed with the sturdiness of this product .
the menus and built-in management were both a mess .
i was sadly mistaken.the top-end is actually ok .
people never talk about it but it 's fun .
nice charger it lasted about 8 months fr .
and it 's not very good instant at that .
no special twisting or unscrewing or having wires attached .
there was no breathing to be done with this .
overall it 's a durable case that protects well .
good thermometer but he face is a little small .
case lasted a while without fading or peeling .
at home , it is almost entirely cast iron .
i make pizza dough with it all the time .
be warned.edit update : lowered this to one star .
be careful taking it out of the mocrowave .
my skin started to look patchy and weird .
i am very pleased with this toaster oven .
it ran for a week and then died .
the temperature gauge on my unit is extremely accurate .
the red color is perfect for my kitchen too .
all-in-all , this seems like a cheaply made product .
only improvement would be to make ita bit larger .
so i replaced it with the plantronics 510 .
wish it was a little bigger but solid dish .
but i have an issue with the phone cover .
i expected this butter to be white and creamy .
no more changing the ph balance with ash .
my mother loves it and so do i .
i ware expensive leather open shoes living in florida .
less comfortable and less functional than normal underwear .
on first use , it lost all the pictures .
i was quite disappointed when i received this .
homeopathic is just a fancy way of saying placebo .
the phone is easily visible to the driver .
my review is much the same as others .
i have no explanation for why this happened .
who cares.so i am $ 24 in the hole .
i thoroughly enjoyed the first 'cameron files ' game .
my roomba now keeps a charge for much longer .
the norpor non stick 4-egg poacher works very well .
i just got this in the mail yesterday .
i would recommend looking for a different product .
i use this 6 days out of 7 .
i gave these to my boyfriend for christmas .
i found that it caused high blood sugars .
it is easy to use and very durable .
he is a pittbull/lab so he really chews .
they hold standby charge a long time as well .
i bought the clicker not knowing what to expect .
the extortion here is almost monster cable like .
so be careful if your dog has sensitive stomach .
i never buy a plastic case like this again .
i bought it to take my music with me .
i think very good for using a hand mixer .
looked many stores untl finally finding this online .
coffee pot program buttons work but that is it .
as you suspect , it is made in china .
i 'd give them 0 stars if i could .
also not ideal for application on any dry skin .
hours after filling it the coffee was still hot .
easy to use and made of good quality .
no suport for any camera app other than liveaction.4 .
i also have tips for ipod and motorola .
i usually mix some real sugar with stevia .
nuts to the naysayers that complain of battery life .
just chalked it up to a bad purchase .
this is a great way to wake up ! .
miniature cupcake papers are so hard to find .
neither my two-year-old nor my four-year-old have enjoyed this .
i got all these great ideas from this book .
it takes 20 seconds to wash and even dry .
will probably buy another and take to the jobsite .
then you 're left with no kickstand.the holster works .
i never thought that i would buy a bluetooth .
i ordered a second pair as a backup .
had to get it out of the house .
it is a handy addition to my gadget stash .
the posts are also short like others have mentioned .
but it will always work after putting them together .
it allows my girls to reach the sink easily .
they much prefer their petfusion cat scratcher lounge .
i am so very disappointed in this product .
they are perfect to bake sweet and savoury pies .
just jostling the connection brings it right back .
i use this to take hot coffee to work .
only do basic cleaning and brush-out the old grindings .
let me explain how this simply can not work .
this coat rack is well made with quality materials .
most do not have any brand name on them .
this rack does the job and cleans easily .
i mainly use them for cookie dough and truffles .
the fan performs flawlessly and is fairly quiet .
just this $ 20 cover is a bit pricey .
very good peeler for big hands ! sharp blades .
i used the entire jar and see no change .
i found the whole process a bit messy though .
my factory cord charges 2 1/2 times faster .
never will i buy an aersol oil sprayer again .
i was very excited to try this food .
the presto hot air popper solved all those problems .
i just store them in the provided stash bag .
it is a very useful device that should last .
so i did a restart which cured all problems .
i appreciate the multiple selections on the unit .
the motorola t505 had the best overall performance .
also the touch screen is still just as responsive .
however it is handy and does a fine job .
i will never buy another motorola bluetooth again ! .
has not given me any problems and charges great .
so i give kudos for their customer service .
i saw this item recently and sent for it .
it met my expect ions and looks fantastic .
it is not worth half of what it cost .
the usb connection on the inside came loose .
i bought this to use on my induction cooktop .
purchased these cables since i have extra chargers .
now put your shoes on or grab big book .
this is literally a non foaming gel cleanser .
i just wanted one more for the bedroom .
no confusion as to which way the bottom goes .
i give it a 5 star without hesitation .
it can be used as an alarm clock .
works perfectly with a large amount of air flow .
then one night it started flickering and freezing up .
this case fits the 4s perfectly and securely .
i paid shipping and handling to send it back .
its much bigger than i expected from the pictures .
this is such a useful little usb port .
by good i mean it serves its purpose .
i highly recommend the silpat for any baking needs .
fits perfectly and has a great feel to it .
this is my second hamilton beach meal maker express .
need the battery life for an entire day .
stick with frontline or advantage or something like that .
my son received this toy for his third birthday .
most of my fear came from the unknown .
i can find no imperfections and it functions perfectly .
i will not be buying this toy again .
it was n't even remotely like a frozen dinner .
i was never able to put it on flawlessly .
just a perfect fit for the iphone 5 .
now attach each clip to a suction cup .
it just felt kind of grimy and dirty .
so just be aware and read your reviews .
the woodfall temple is surprisingly short and uninspiring .
easy to use and i feel safe with it .
i ordered it for my wife 's evo 3d .
yoyos are supposed to go down and up .
will order from different seller & not through amazon.com .
your character gets stuck in a wall sometimes permanently.5 .
i have about 10 or so of these canisters .
unfortunately , my money was refunded instead of delivery .
like most pantene shampoo it strips my hair .
it really is a quality case for that price .
the handles are long enough for some good leverage .
no way to organize the clothes at all .
much better than a pan on the stove ! .
this one has had the clearest call quality .
right in my favorite kitchen counter drawer this went .
put heavier stuff on the bottom when making salads .
this did n't work for me as a combiner .
does a great job on splitting squash etc .
reaches every corner of my stainless steel large sink .
of course this is my review , my opinion .
in the stores this case is over $ 50 .
did this on both analog and digital source files .
the pack has four blue lights along its front .
when the answer came in it was complex .
it arrived on point and with no issues .
with this handle mitt that wo n't happen again .
this is not the retionl cream i was expecting .
was disappointed in the style of the case .
not at all soft as is la florentine .
the only redeeming quality is the field points .
first and foremost , this coffee pot is excellent .
my dog vomited every time she ate it .
i was surprised at the quality of this product .
tastes awful and she would not touch it .
the outside adapter is ok in terms of size .
the holes are all in the wrong place .
we shipped it back and requested an exchange .
again i could n't shove it across the blade .
this is the first juicer that i 've owned .
the covering of the cable cracks when flexed .
finally i gave in this year and bought one .
i think they need to work on the formula .
i think they will make a mario party 6 .
has t-mobile logo on it but works perfectly .
or parboil ribs before putting them on the grill .
it keeps the phone at a viewable level .
it has a cheap smell and it smells old .
ordered another and the metal connector just broke off .
i 've been constipated all week and somewhat gassy .
the cake comes out easily and perfectly everytime .
my skin became flaky and red and rough .
there 's almost no reason to take it off .
but it had a plastic film covering it .
i would not treat my equipment like this .
i only paid $ 24 for the whole sweepvac .
these treats are a perfect size for training .
plus other people think they are very cool .
i think it depends how you use it .
my cats love the regular version of this flavor .
i have owned numerous bt headsets over the years .
i love this case for the iphone 5 .
also , the non-stick coating makes clean-up a snap .
it does a good job of regulating water pressure .
the longer it chills the better it gets .
replacement parts were not worth the cost or effort .
i would purchase again next time i need one .
i have 2 roombas and plan on a third .
the ring on the end could be larger .
if i can ever find this review again .
this pedometer seems accurate and easy to use .
it makes amazing amounts of fluffy froth , quickly .
this case provides no protection for the phone .
not had any problems with these so far .
also , the size of the filter impressed me .
the first one stopped working after about eight months .
the carp anodizing is a joke on these .
they give me tracking number that does n't work .
i had to keep reapplying it over and over .
i was less impressed with the upholstery attachment .
i will buy a recognized brand from now on .
ca n't believe i waited so long to buy .
at the end of the year goodbye sega .
cute idea , so i gave it two stars .
will definitely buy another if i have to .
i can walk around my apartment without losing signal .
this is a life saver for anyone who drives .
i highly recommend this pricey but effective tool .
i loved the original playstation , like everyone else .
my existing case is a pain to remove .
i had a cheap little one that worked fine .
its bulky but thats what you buy it for .
the quality of bags is comparable to the price .
jack connection on bottom is small as well .
pops open with just a push of the thumb .
the suction cup on this thing is fantastic .
worth the extra money over the cheaper one .
too bad they burn out after a year .
no boil-over like we had with every previous microwave .
not a bronzed orange , but a bright orange .
i also , thought that panasonic still made quality .
and the lcd readout is easy to read .
it was a reasonable price and i recommend it .
i have n't shot it in over a year .
there are direction on how to remove it .
i love that the french press is dishwasher-safe .
received a espresso machine as gift for christmas .
the color is too bright to not be artificial .
after 2 1/2 months of use these look pristine .
plantronics is a world leader in ear-piece peripherals .
i can not imagine going back to brita .
no complaints on this solid and attractive whisk set .
cooks everything evenly and cleans up really easy .
this is the secoind phone i have tried .
this item is small and does the job well .
i really love wireless stereo from my iphone .
i really like the additional hidden usb charging port .
we bought one then quickly ordered another one .
i have had three hoover carpet cleaners and shampooers .
had this connected up to an old 400watt amp .
brilliant in spots , and simply ugly in others .
i then threw the griddle in the trash .
the price was reasonable and they are incredibly durable .
seems to be well made and of good quality .
made me look like fearless fly or something strange .
they are also kind of cheap for the money .
it came with seasoning packets and recipe booklet .
we bought this for our son to play with .
eco sent priority mail right back to me .
many have not liked this pan at all .
this is a nice size for rolling out pastry .
the times when you are a jedi are laughable .
i thought this was going to be bigger .
but it stopped working after a couple of months .
no other characters from the movie are featured ! .
i have been using bodum for 40 years .
we kept two and gave my son one .
their color was that of a good coffee bean .
perfect for sugar or little olive sized condiments .
has authentic fiesta ware markings on the bottom .
i have owned this product for 8 months .
i have purchased previous versions for other phones .
i have two whole sets just in case .
still got the headaches after 3 days of use .
this one is not worth the horrendous price .
but the dough hook and paddle work very well .
does not hold that well to the counter .
both units failed i 'm just over a year .
bought three of these as christmas stocking stuffers .
all the settings were the same as the 614 .
luckily my other cat has always been just fine .
the charge has lasted for weeks on the average .
everything was poorly made with cheap easily breakable materials .
it was given to me so i used it .
i bought one for myself and our 6 children .
also , product is much smaller than it appears .
i bought this because i 'm grasping at straws .
this nifty bluetooth headphones set does not disappoint .
seemed pretty flimsy and not surprised it broke .
i use it all the time i bake .
the zagg is absorbing the someting from the leather .
black and decker has really done this one right .
was using 3rounded tbl with the mr coffee .
the case fit well and has stayed well .
i bought this from amazon and initially loved it .
i 'm going to still keep this one also .
just check out what is in this stuff .
they are about the size of a marble .
you 'd pay much less than getting these new .
the chocolate chips do n't taste like chocolate chips .
you ca n't use the storage drawer at all .
it arrived in good condition and in good time .
i 'm not at all pleased with this problem .
it was cheap so i gave it a try .
i then just used it according to directions .
but i squeeze this pretty hard and no problem .
kind of a strange way of assembling it .
they would be very difficult to bend in fact .
this is easy to clean and works just great .
the worst part is the overpowering black pepper taste .
bought four , all were gone/trash in one day .
easy and simple , but great for the price .
shipping was adequate , and item was as described .
it really brings my cutting board to life .
i feel it is a waste of money .
its better than the others that i have used .
right now trying to find a work around .
keeps it protected but makes my phone look funky .
i might have been able to tolerate that .
i do not need or want a huge screen .
it is also extremely easy to care for .
this is my main draw to these knives .
use for panini peppered turkey & grilled tortilla sandwiches .
i needed that second cup at 6:15 a.m .
i 'm unsure the need for such a device .
i bought this product because of the great reviews .
the seat and thighs all wear like a 36 .
so the choice between them depends on the details .
but on my cheeks especially it was pretty painful .
the straps are itchy and the plastic pokes .
i can wear it for hours with no problem .
it looks nice but it rusted quite easily .
however , the tops actually fit as they should .
recommend as a cheap and good quality product .
i will continue my search for the right color .
easy to clean and i find it more sanitary .
it is even difficult for an adult to pump .
i found the chocolate to be quite bitter .
get what you pay for as they say .
i must say i am a bit perplexed .
you need that intercooler because the system runs hot .
it is less drying and my skin feels wonderful .
my god this game is absolutely plagued by them .
i have a pebble on my wrist right now .
good packaging and arrived within the time frame given .
now i know why i hardly played it .
seems like it should last longer than that .
cuts through any ice cream no matter how frozen .
let me start by saying i love maxijet pumps .
a most impressive unit - especially for the price .
this one is the best one for the price .
i wanted one of these for a long time .
so , you want to pay attention to this .
either way you ca n't go wrong with wusthof .
also i am glad that it comes in white .
i bought this for my sprint galaxy s2 .
they are very nice looking and high quality .
i found this to be a great fry pan .
i absolutely love this case for my white iphone .
the cable i purchase was for a droid bionic .
they are powerheads that will produce a laminar flow .
i found the one i wanted almost immediately .
just goes to show low cost cheap products .
maybe better for someone with younger and stronger feet .
it would not work with hp elitebook bluetooth either .
so a durable machine is at a premium .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
it made every little piece of powder show .
they ended up causing cloudiness in my tank .
when i received it though , i was disappointed .
i do not recommend this product for any reason .
it is slightly bitter , but not unpleasantly so .
all i had to do was initially charge it .
i was able to do this on my own .
you should n't even be able to do this .
it would be impossible not to love it ! .
it still works as a regular phone charger .
the biggest problem is the quality of the cut .
eventually the amber and other notes kicked in .
i have an unreliable connection with this cable .
the directions say to rinse after several hours .
it toasts very very evenly and quickly at that .
now i have an extra pot for soup .
after you try it once you will know this .
i am still hoping to have a successful meal .
so do not expect this kettle lasting too long .
it lived up to the description on amazon .
best stereo blutooth headset i have ever used .
please see my review for the new version .
i would buy again if i had to .
i think this design is more prone to cracking .
would recommend this roaster for anyone loving roasted chicken .
awesome price for a very durable ss skillet .
i messed with it for about 5 minutes .
i 've never owned a good set of knives .
much thinner than other sets i have purchased .
another purchase that i would rate 0 if possible .
these drawers are much nicer than most drawers .
not great- overpriced and i feel ripped off .
ordered it sunday- received it on tuesday basically overnite.2 .
prefer more than 3 leds for battery level indicator .
aside from that you will double your run time .
i am sorry to write such a negative review .
this case is 100x better in that regard .
you any beat the price along with free shipping .
you will wear your fingers out with this crap .
i 'm sitting here steaming as i write this .
the fumes are really bad from this toy .
the first two systems were competitively priced to compete .
i use these to bake blind with short pastry .
arrived on time when it was supposed to .
the scent will destroy all your air passages .
it was too strong for me to eat .
so far no complaints , i would highly recommend .
it died today after a couple months use .
unlike lodge dutch ovens this is made is china .
however , a few months is all you get .
he actually thought the wand location was perfect .
would definitely order again and recommend to others .
not able to configure modem/router b/c these issues .
only thing is the swivel is bit tight .
just purchased a replacement for it sony sr200 .
i was amazed at how much difference it makes .
swish and dry.the blades seem to be high quality .
i have a degree in computer science from u.c .
these are the worst brushes i have ever used .
this cereal is far too sweet for me .
i am returning to amazon for a refund .
hung some polk monitor 30 beasties off of these .
very bright when needed and then shuts off .
but this resets everytime you reboot the phone .
i really wish they 'd never changed the formula .
my daughter is 5 and loves to draw .
i would have preferred another row of keys .
three pulses later , we had finely minced broccoli .
there is no nicer way to put it .
love the size and it is well made .
it 's easy to clean and simple to assemble .
i 've dropped it several times without a problem .
i love it and i highly recommend it .
it was a welcome addition to my kitchen .
have yet to sharpen it and it cuts everything .
they have hardly any bounce in them at all .
certainly as good as your average wired set .
this wilson ibooster will also charged your iphone .
the presto makes the popcorn crisp and light .
it is just a workhorse of an oven .
this was going to the trash for sure .
for the price , this nutmeg grater works well .
the process is super easy which is nice .
bought these to replace a chipped stoneware set .
this is a great bargain for 3 rolls .
this game reminds me of fantavision for the ps2 .
this game is not what you think it is .
i am thrilled that i bought this little wonder .
pray the bumps do n't turn it off constantly .
you 're better off buying a more expensive one .
i bought this as a gift for someone .
i wish i had heeded all the negative reviews .
i am ordering another one for my daughter .
i use this for 2-4 eggs over easy .
either way , the seller ships these things fast .
plug keeps fat from going up spout when filling .
but it works great and does a good job .
great idea , but had to throw it away .
i wish i had gone for something else .
then they only sniff around they do not scratch .
the unit meets exactly the expectations i had .
i tried it twice and it would not work .
for this size , this was the most expensive .
this is the last coffee maker i will buy .
ms has changed the construction of the keyboard .
it can also dry smaller amts of herbs .
i have a young dog that loves to chew .
not hard to learn how to make ice cream .
i thought it would be tasted like heaven food .
not worth the risk i took in buying it .
again my copy is back on the store shelf .
this bumper case fits perfectly on my iphone 4s .
it is exactly as pictured , and very smooth .
i will have to remove the polish entirely tonight .
the games are pricey and not that great .
i would give this 10 stars if i could .
almost every sugar free product is switching to sucralose .
other than this flaw , i love the case .
no wonder they were practically giving these away .
expect to buy another one in a few months .
i do n't use anything for my foot now .
i wish i could give it no stars .
the pump mechanism is sturdy and functions well .
the internet radio plays through bluetooth in my car .
much easier then trying to peel with your fingers .
i bought this for my teenage son for christmas .
this was a great value for the cost .
installation is easy and had no problem setting up .
its one of the excellent cases out there .
i did not try the included sim adapters .
the monsters were unimaginitive and the weapons pretty typical .
bought these to replace their three year-old counterparts .
i would definitely buy setton farms premium pistachios again .
i should have gotten one of these years ago .
this battery pack has served me well many times .
could not find any instructions on there website .
i have been trading off batteries in my hero .
it will charge your tablet in about 5 hours .
now i have two that i can switch between .
i also have the apple , pepper and tomato .
probaby the biggest scam of the modern era .
they work extremely well with regular eggs also .
i am so glad i bought these hangers .
i bought these spatula tongs for my mom .
it leaves a very greasy feel after using .
i have a colander but now use this more .
my face looked rather unnatural and uneven after this .
it is simply the most comfortable server we own .
perfectly adequate tool for the recreational latte maker .
takes some getting used to but not for me .
great product easy storage because of the flat handle .
you have to go online and download the books .
they are either before the expiration date or not .
the body was almost not existent and watery .
well i thought it went on nicely no troubles .
the packaging was superb , battery was wrapped nicely .
no complaints and will buy more when needed .
i bought this as a gift for my son .
i wish it came in more colors , though .
i like kernel seasons and many of their flavors .
steam comes from the upper lid of the presser .
well i could not do that with this product .
this is a feature i could never understand .
literally not much bigger than specks of dust .
ffviii came out and voice actors were introduced .
it 's a no-brainer when compared to tourist trophy .
my cats also did n't seem to notice is .
it 's worked fine with frozen or thawed meat .
my ears are to small for this bluetooth .
i have yet to use it for actual cooking .
i hate that i wasted money on this .
so no , i do not recommend this gizmo .
almost the size of a half gallon milk container .
currently , this is my favorite blue tooth device .
i really do beleive it is an awesome product .
both sides are independent for controls and independently reversable .
it fits ok on my ear but not perfectly .
it works really good with my galaxy note 2 .
i know products change so i read the reviews .
instead of buying this one buy underground 2 .
i 'm not sure why it tastes so bad .
it dries fast so you immediately get streaks .
mine arrived in perfect condition and looks great .
i really see no usefulness in this trading unit .
this offers really good protection for the phone .
the product description stated that these headphones are comfortable .
received a sealed box with all accessories included .
it is the perfect size for finger foods .
the reason i believe is the recording speed .
my current cell phone is a mytouch 4g .
i ordered 2 of these at the same time .
have tried several recipes in this waffle maker .
these are some beautiful looking , and feeling headphones .
it fits any of my 3 kitchen sinks .
my mistake for not asking an ambiguous description ! .
will amend this review if there are any issues .
it was a let down.when it said extreme tingle .
i am very disappointed in this particular shaper .
it has quite the presence in our kitchen .
i 've gone thru two of these units now .
will be ordering from again when i run out .
consider 192kbps with vbr encoding set to highest .
price is great and it covers the trigger well .
always read consumers report before making major purchase .
i bought this lid to fit the 3.3 qt .
the nude colour is really horrible- sort of orangey-brown .
i bought it because reviews rated it the best .
the after-market companies products never seem to last .
ala or r/s-la is what is called an enantiomer .
or sealing that quickly wears out with use .
i wanted to use it on an excedrin .
i will empty two capsules into the milk .
i like the easy customization of wallpapers and sounds .
mealy or gummy depending on how you use it .
we have not used a pod machine in ages .
those who have used both usually have a preference .
tech support said i had an old driver .
i am more than pleased with this product .
unfortunately for me i wasted my money on this .
there 's no notable difference to the original screen .
the knife arrived from amazon within a week .
right away i noticed the bottles looked different .
i wanted to like this - i really did .
i am going to make this short but true .
this spoon is way bigger than i expected .
it holds my knives and does a good job .
the companies response was to update the unit .
i 've had this tea maker for several years .
i bought the nissan 32 oz available on amazon .
i returned it and exchanged it for another one .
and this does a great job of it .
item is heavy and solid - a quality piece .
i also did n't care for the small bottles .
bakes evenly and the thicker metal prevents warping .
going to contact amazon just to let them know .
it does not rattle when i drive over bumps .
i absolutely love this apple/pear corer and divider .
had a few tiny marks or chips on it .
i 've had the a-9 grinder for a year .
i would not order again or recommend this product .
however the material does not protect your phone .
i have several and use them all the time .
it made mincing garlic much easier and quicker .
this thing actually set off my smoke alarms .
i think that 's the way it really sounds .
these wine racks are great for storing bottles .
those taste like tuna and make me want more .
it gives your lips a nice rosy tint .
after one trip they were bent and discolored .
using the highest setting this went super quick .
the taste was ok , if a little bland .
cleans up very well with little to no sticking .
why go through that and install something substandard .
i 'll just keep going to the grocery store .
i bought this case to replace the otterbox .
i would recommend them to anyone and everyone .
this wears out and it 's coated not etched .
i go out and am dropping my phone constantly .
i wo n't be buying any more kamik products .
but i am so pleased that i did .
great addition to blender purchased earlier this year .
i suggest looking elsewhere for a natural body lotion .
it saves a lot of time slicing and shredding .
the design of factions makes playing it a chore .
i just recommend they put instructions along with it .
i ordered the cocoa butter chips to make chocolate .
anything labeled organic can be sold for better prices .
they fit well and will do the job .
indeed the logo comes off with nail polish remover .
as it is , i am not that pleased .
i do n't have any problems mounting the iphone .
it definitely compliments the iphone rather than dominates it .
*of course* they will look down on them .
after a major recall it seems they have evaporated .
it is the stupidest thing in the world .
i use this daily for grinding flax seed .
with medium usage its closer to about 16 hours .
the bits were too small to scoop out .
the design is great and the pot is sturdy .
it did not fit my galaxy s4 though .
duracion muy buena- 2 a~os de proteccion garantizada .
much better quality than other brands i 've used .
heavy duty measuring cups made from stainless steel .
you only go where the game sends you .
cool eh ? um no.you beat up bad guys .
great construction and more than likely will last forever .
the mount fits my nexus s just fine .
i definitely eat food first with my eyes .
functions well and i like the long spout .
there were a few problems right off the bat .
i use this steamer on all my cloth .
while the film itself was easy to apply .
my high protein breakfast drink ) it just disappears .
it 's a big stinky mess at this point .
and i found the directions a little lacking .
let 's hope it lasts more than a year .
this way i can prepare yogurt with organic milk .
this also kills all your taste buds too .
is too stupid to do it on its own .
these riedel martini glasses are contemporary and stylish .
i bought this for filling my mini cupcakes .
specifically i refer to the microusb connector contact .
that 's why this was our last calphalon purchase .
this oil has a strange stale after taste .
other than that , they are a total disappointment .
the case also improves the handling of my phone .
i make raw cream ice cream twice a week .
we 're going to wind up throwing them away .
she has to become the princes favorite concubine .
these batteries have worked really great , no problems .
shapes of the brushes are useless to me .
how amazon offers such great prices is beyond me .
you can also steam window curtains and shower curtains .
my grandmother used shortening and both work equally well .
even stronger than the burst of steam feature .
they did also shrink in the leg length .
i can not specifically say this was the culprit .
i 've always wanted a high end professional mixer .
it is very durable , with no chipping problems .
it offers protection and is safe for any purpose .
neither one of them plays with this one .
they 're bit bulkier due to long cable length .
mine worked fine upon arrival and still works well .
the long handle stays cool to the touch .
we are both very pleased with the results .
it is quick to heat and easy to use .
i found these and i was so happy .
and there 's no secondary serving bowl to clean .
it 's a go - to in my kitchen .
reading my kindle books on this is a breeze .
the device arrived promptly and works as advertised .
i have had this grinder for several years .
they go through both hand and dishwasher washing well .
the right one failed failed in the 10th month .
protects the edges of the phone without bulk .
now i know that the poor reviews are spot-on .
maybe someone will buy them out and restructure .
i was not impressed with this product whatsoever .
the old one is tight as a drum .
my old bluetooth would not work with my iphone .
i would have saved lots of money and frustration .
the lids fit snuggly and the glass is thick .
i bought this today and set it up .
there are pros and cons to all screen protectors .
costs more than just buying another tooth brush .
i buy this in 14-oz bags at the supermarket .
we love our new electric perculator coffee pot .
clarity is good , and sound separation is adequate .
all they do is make my feet sweat .
the thing is cheaper at the circuit city website .
seems like they need to be lubricated or something .
there has been nothing this juicer can not handle .
would have expected it to last longer though .
i prefer mac paint pots over this product .
but it broke the first time i used it .
the headphones constantly are falling out of my ears .
i got this cheaper here than stores around me .
i have used this and it works well .
before drinking instant , i drank tea almost exclusively .
i can use it for other things as well .
it 's a little noisy but they all are .
need to find a sturdy support for hanging .
however , the elevator does not work that well .
i wonder if my batch has gone bad perhaps .
very good price also , i would recommend buying .
i first tried this brand on my ipad .
i might try an 8 1/2 next time .
i 've had this for about six months now .
this case could easily crack under little pressure .
we played the game for a couple more hours .
the other side is hardly toasted at all .
i also have a much larger bose bluetooth speaker .
not too small , nice size and very attractive .
i would not buy this again , or recommend .
i would recommend this spoon rest to others .
this product is a waste of time and money .
i find this model hoover works much better .
it did n't hold the or define the curl .
may be it was defective to begin with .
the same grinding sounds from rails and cement .
the disk wont even become recognized by vista .
so far i 'm not impressed with this popcorn .
gas and electricity has gone up so much lately .
this product works with alkaline or rechargeable batteries .
the little spoons these come with are nice too .
it also fits other phones just as well .
these new characters are so boring and stupid .
for the price you really ca n't go wrong .
sturdy feel , great quality.i highly recommend this liner .
no downloads or installation to concern myself with .
this will stabilize it and keep it higher .
too bad , since it does clean pretty well .
i like the cleaning tool that comes with it .
they still look brand new out of the box .
i can see this thing breaking pretty easily .
my 20 lb cat kept knocking it over .
zak mckracken was something of a lonely young bachelor .
will never purchase anything from this company again ! .
using this fills a room with the synthetic perfume .
and the encyclopedia was much better integrated this time .
seems to be very well made , as well .
it rips throughpop cans with .23g bbs at 309fps .
the crust of the bread was especially hard .
wish the controls were on the base instead .
this is a nice little lightweight , flat opener .
after a month of usage i saw no results .
i would not recommend this toy at all .
it took me less than 2 minutes to replace .
very nice-looking glasses at a very affordable price .
i purchased both the 9 1/2 and 13 1/2 .
i think the saws in walmart maybe better .
my two-year old just did n't get into this .
many similar utensils are too stiff for the job .
they are a perfect replacement for the oem part .
it is not heavy , yet presses very well .
i do n't know if the contents were compromised .
this is a poor quality chinese piece of garbage .
it does a fine job on scrubbing vegetables .
for that purpose alone the s305 is perfect .
this is my testimonial about learning the truth .
had to take it away from my puppy .
it took a few days before this strangeness disappeared .
no cons about this case that i can notice .
a couple of more feet would have been better .
better decanter design gave me the stainless steel upgrade .
does not come even close to the regular sharpeners .
i have found no way of turning it up .
i tried with two phones with the same result .
the door is flimsy and it will break .
this headset was a waste of money and time .
there are 6 different face styles for each gender .
these simple devices help keep wine fresh for longer .
it looks great , and really does cook well .
the key is to use only a small amount .
i have decided that brand names are almost meaningless .
he loves this thing and uses it almost everyday .
this provided a perfect solution to my problem .
it makes me look like a dead person .
my favorite is the motorola h350 or h500 .
the line was about 3 feet deep total .
i thought this looked really cool in pictures .
this is the perfect case for my phone .
i no longer need a liner for the basket .
the case is good but it has many flaws .
i just hope it does not turn yellow .
use them rough side down to hold better .
but you folks might want to revisit your packaging .
it seems to have quite a bit of sediment .
the french onion dip was n't too bad either .
i plugged my phone in to charge and .
not for our dog.i guess every dog is different .
it simply washed right out after one wash .
it 's not a slight discrepancy but veryyy noticeable .
looks great and it was easy to assemble .
i still pop the corn and add butter .
at least she likes the taste of the shapes .
not comfortable and did n't feel safe for pup .
i was not expecting this quality for the price .
amazon was great about the return as usual .
somewhat hard to clean is my only complain .
i use it at home and at work .
hitting start or other buttons has no action .
i noticed after two weeks my thigh looked worse .
took less than two minutes to assemble everything .
my standards for a pocket game are pretty low .
nothing found that matches the value and quality .
our champie just sniffs it , then walks away .
it was a neat idea but not functional .
i used it for tomatoes for sauce canning .
i rinsed her well and towel dryed her .
then it needs to dry completely and then oiled .
the reviews on this grinder are very entertaining .
i am hoping i can find an adapter .
i ca n't wait to experiment with other ingredients .
it 's not easy to stay away from protein .
great case but just not protective enough for me .
it will hold a considerably weighted device without trouble .
someone at melitta dropped the ball on this one .
i just take a damp sponge or a mr .
i read about this and it sounded great .
spend a little more and get a quality product .
the sizing and cutouts are perfectly placed and aligned .
anyways , this game is a waste of money .
no overcooking , no tough whites or overcooked yolks .
tasted ok but felt icky in my mouth .
some of these cost more than a hundred dollars .
they completely removed that feature from the game .
so , i decided to try a refurbished model .
it is just a bit too expensive per charge .
any longer and it will get tough & chewy .
now if you like baby food this is good .
fans would either run slowly or not at all .
made a red velvet cake in these pans .
i never use the locking feature except for storage .
all the other cases i tried did interfer .
it is a good value for the price .
at this price , it was practically a steal .
i could n't resist this pun in the title .
you fold the end portion of the headset .
battery cover is not part of the battery .
the instruction manual is well written and very illustrative .
it fit perfect and it feels and looks great .
this must be simplest little gadget out there .
this is a great basic hanging pot rack .
good cakes are the order at our house .
this is my fav bluetooth of all time .
product showed no wear or tear from previous use .
some did n't even have a tag at all .
the 3-pack will last me a long time .
this pot is fast and easy to use .
it is very durable and heavy , quality glass .
reception was poor at anything over 30 yards .
what a complete waste of time and money .
the shade of purple is virtually the same .
the grabber built into the side worked great .
it charges by usb supplied cable and cigarette adapter .
we have had a pressure cook for many years .
well , that would be the clear springs fragrance .
i 'm building a complete set of fiesta ware .
this device does not cancel out background noise .
they 're almost like transparency sheets for overhead projectors .
this little device works fine for what it does .
i would recommend it for daily car charger .
we just bought it a few months ago .
glad i replace my old battery for this one .
plus it came with a 2/3c.and a 1/4c .
reviews talk about wearing these for hours on end .
i have one and purchased for a friend .
much too large for me a medium size woman .
we also use the cutters to make animal pancakes .
the cleaning is not hard after it thaws out .
there are some good features with this mount.1 .
i had very large pimples form from using it .
i did n't risk it by buying the xl .
charges you apple product for your cars butt lighter .
most were not interested in it at all .
i was pleased with the product and service .
i love the style that fits into any decor .
i did notice a positive change in discoloration .
it pairs easily and connects easily after pairing .
i really like the fiestaware and the colors .
i go through these honeywell fans like mad .
not too mention they make the course look silly .
they slide out easily to reveal a bracket underneath .
now i have to deal with their warranty department .
i have purchased these socks for many years .
i got this for my daughter 's iphone 5 .
they last from morning to night constantly connected .
this phone does have the n standard also .
this was an excellent steel with a molded handle .
they just do not work as they claim to .
i purchased this because it was rated so high .
this is my second set of wusthof grand prix .
this vornado heater is pure luxury to me .
i have other diffusers and they work just fine .
it is easy to clean and quite handy too .
this keep the frost out and improves taste .
it looks much better and is not bulky .
my concerns are the container was not sealed .
the whole bottle is still in tact after months .
bought this as a gift for a wine lover .
it does a wonderful job of foaming milk .
this pizza pan seemed like a good option .
it also drops calls like crazy here in manhattan .
this conditioner made my hair feel heavy and course .
that is what yellow is like without a gameshark .
does the same job as more expensive units .
fits in my samsung epic 4g touch perfectly .
nope - ciabatta dough sticks to it like glue .
this product was a waste of time and money .
you ca n't beat this many for the price .
the cars also hardly go down the ramp .
did not have to make coffee as often .
apparently it is possible to spend too little .
i got a whole set of oxo kitchen utensils .
i opened it up and it was beautiful .
oddly , i stopped playing it after two months .
overall this case has been great for the price .
great product for the average home and works great .
a white trimmed version would have been perfect .
i read the reviews and watched the youtube reviews .
it is easier , faster and simpler to clean .
this is a great product and a bargain .
should have a wider design for different foods .
instead , it just sort of spurted and dribbled .
i have had no issue with battery life .
this stuff is too damaging to use again .
no one but blizzard knows all of the possibilities .
and about the earbuds- i like them a lot .
looks cheap , but appears to do the job .
it also leaves coffee grounds in the pour spout .
lets just say the excitement was shot lived .
other than that this is an excellent product .
so i bought another thermometer at the local store .
this is a great knife and is super sharp .
that would totally render this lock totally useless .
i am normally a big proponent of linksys products .
something must have been wrong with the batch .
it fits easily in the sink for washing greens .
the piece was obvious and it looked awful .
i knew that i could trust thermos brand .
my sister gave me theese as a gift .
i had to keep setting it back up .
this does not dissolve completely even with hot water .
i prefer the other scents in this line .
and , this is advertised as holding 8 cups .
i have to say these easily beat any expectations .
no instructions of any kind came with this item .
it worked for a few hours and stopped working .
if in doubt , buy one and try it .
they are not bigger than your standard shower rod .
this piece of kitchen equipment never fails me .
but boiling water on stoves and microwave takes time .
have n't tried washing them in the dishwasher yet .
overall i am very much satisfied with look .
no frills , not fancy - just boils water .
five heads of lettuce wo n't last long either .
this is not the stuff you 're looking for .
even the inside of the pockets are now blue .
warning - do not buy this waffle maker .
the light is a ridiculous gimmick that eats batteries .
the fan stopped working after about half an hour .
they taste bitter , and the seasoning is inconsistent .
nothing i did would make it come out .
i would venture to say 2 sizes off .
i had an allergic reaction to this product .
so my daughter does not want to use them .
it 's easy to pair with any phone too .
i have been using self tanners for years .
this is not the lite brite i remember .
linksys gets a thumbs down on this one .
but the products have a slight chemical taste .
it is too soft to protect a delicate device .
just that.the remote did not work with the equipment .
the replay value consists of playing as snoop dogg .
like the color goes with any kitchen design .
four stars only because i would like more text-to-speech .
i purchased this for my 10 yr old son .
use your money wisely and avoid this trash .
i ca n't complain and the price was great .
really good quality and was easy to install .
i bought two of these for my husband .
it is not for the faint of heart.yuck .
now there 's no reason to keep a landline .
the material was nice and they run large .
why do they have a flashlight on it .
this new design is thick and too heavy .
we have had this rice maker for years now .
the carbanation level of the drink is low .
it could be absolutely any antenna in there .
you get way more than what you pay for .
well they sell the mugs you want on amazon .
so now it just sits there un used .
after one glass i just threw the rest away .
it does very little for my sigma lens .
it works well and the cover attaches securely .
at least then you 'll know the quality works .
wanted to mount a red dot on top .
the crap music is the same on every level .
i will not reorder this and threw it out .
i wanted to get a really good pair .
this case offers little more than mediocre scratch protection .
please , please stay away from this hoover windtunnel .
these are very nice screen covers and work well .
i had such high hopes for this set .
but unfortunately , all three that i purchased leaked .
i had few sick fish in my tank .
i read all the reviews of this game .
like most jergens lotions , just not this one .
reminds me of the springs attached to v-brakes .
my cat will not play with the rolling ball .
and my face is very dry after using it .
it allows you to charge two devices at once .
those who have used both usually have a preference .
it works and the slices come out perfect .
it baked wonderfully without heating up my kitchen .
graphics on the supernes were better than this .
there is absolutely nothing worth buying at this point .
this is the best juicer i have ever owned .
the docking feature works well and as expected .
it eliminates sediment and any traces of bitterness .
it makes a bit of white noise while on .
cuisinart always comes through with excellent quality products .
i loved this when i first bought it .
that says it all about our allegiance to chemex .
it provides even heatfor all of my experiments .
i paid $ 320 and it worth every penny .
this item is described as 2012 on the site .
the pain ! holy cow i screamed so loud .
there seems to be some confusion over that .
red is a cheery color in the kitchen .
but i 'll take functional and comfortable over looks .
nice and smooth , very comfortable in my hands .
i thought for the weight they were too expensive .
maybe would be ok for a vacuumed-out car .
broke the first time i try to change it .
my son still loves cars and racing games .
the price to this business card holder was right .
but the actual missions in the game are forgetful .
not gummy like silicone.i like the frosted s-shape .
i love the size of this plate cover .
wonderful hard , soft or poached eggs every time .
this did n't really seem to help very much .
not so with these whisks , they are great .
i am returning this mixer after using it once .
i fully expect this to last a long time .
you know you want it , so buy it .
very easy to use and like it very much .
its as loud as a large window fan .
that dispute is still pending.this is a terrible company .
that is , fighting in the wwii pacific theatre .
my fruit into jam and works great highly recommend .
but the avail feels really nice in the hand .
i would like to recommend it to my friends .
after a while the keys started sticking down .
maybe orijin was too much protein to her .
this will also work on a grill for camping .
gave it away to kids in the hood .
i recommend this wisk for making gravies and rues .
and i would n't give this to my kids .
so i vowed never to do it again .
i also noticed that my product is old .
this delay made games useless and data entry annoying .
terrible product not worth the calories at all ! .
no cutting which is the biggest thing i like .
the first few days i had it was great .
designed not to last and these fly terribly .
the hole was n't cut in a good position .
this pan came seasoned and only somewhat rough .
that product dried my nails within seconds of spraying .
this would kill you in the real world .
perfect fit into headphone jack and recharging slot .
the only exposed button is the silence button .
i live with a former barrista and coffee guru .
cable quit charging my iphone after only 3 uses .
the extended warm definitely works for 24 hours .
sturdy and ready for whatever comes its way .
another reviewer complained about the head coming off easily .
thank god nintendo now owns sonic and sega .
a speaker phone when you answer a call .
this is why all the reviewers have sizing issues .
knives from victorinox will always do the job .
it lasts a few hours with the battery charged .
we got one of these for a christmas gift .
wake up mugler - the joke is over .
excellent , but they add unnecessary and unhealthy sugar .
there was 2 problems i had with it .
i would look elsewhere and spend a little more .
then , i got the whirley pop for christmas .
so to me it is a pretty useless toy .
no cutting necessary ! great buy for the price .
call quality is as poor as you can imagine .
this coffee maker and i have a long relationship .
be sure it says usa on the lid .
i really researched and thought hard before this purchase .
the vertical method really does make it foolproof .
toast darkness is very similar from slice to slice .
i had just never realized by how much .
the sides are also completely solid and heavy .
the grinder is relatively easy to wipe clean .
this japanese kettle works well , looks well made .
a basic timer which is exactly what i needed .
i have not had any problems at all .
thick , colorful fabric and obviously quite good construction .
still works but is connected only by the wire .
i make my hot sandwiches in the microwave .
i recommend it to my obedience marker training clients .
i will not be buying these ever again .
i just purchased this unit from walmart today .
i bought this product after reading reviews elsewhere .
i have yet to hear back from them .
contacted seller who quickly sent me another unit .
it is everything the previous reviewers have said .
by far the best bluetooth headset i 've tried .
it has the perfect amount of strength and flex .
not life threatening injury but hurt just the same .
i had a powerful but loud window fan .
it may just be how my face is .
i wrote the company about this , see below .
i would definately recoomend this item for purchase .
when the coffee is ready the light comes on .
save your money and buy the real thing .
huge capacity , charges ipad phone at same time .
sorry , but im only giving it two stars .
it mixes well and seems very strong and sturdy .
it is a perfect medium sized and shaped spoon .
the ones that are not are the worst .
i ordered this item to organize all my scarfs .
its really hard to see the screen outdoors .
some of the times the remotes did n't transmit .
wish they sold these options here with this rotisserie .
i am just waiting for this to break .
no excess plugs or annoying wires to worry about .
these are way too expensive for what you get .
matches the interior lighting of my infiniti well .
superb , would not want to bake without them .
got these for my cat to eat from .
my wife loves all of the eureka products .
one size does not fit all in this case .
amazon told them that i wanted the unit replaced .
the handle then broke off in my hand .
well i am looking for replacements for them all .
you can read my review for this there .
we will see how it holds up over time .
it does not help hair growth at all .
i had to check the box to make sure .
oh boy , did i catch it later on .
i recommend going with the fox labs products .
i ca n't get to sleep when this happens .
these roller shower curtain rings are well made .
more than likely this is the real thing .
it also would not start a completely dead battery .
when the beep sounds , you have to go .
i was definitely expecting something a little cheaper looking .
buy some oil and/or beeswax for the surface .
i guess hanes just is n't a quality brand .
this product is nice and convenient to have .
other than that i would rate them 5 star .
i hope to soften it with multiple washings .
this came with my mixer and it fits perfectly .
everyone i talked to just loved this game .
i hoped it would save a tooth cleaning .
this sweeper works out great in between vacuuming .
after about a week , it just stopped working .
amazon had the best price and free shipping .
although advertised to be waterproof they are not .
i like to collect all of the colors .
the aebleskivers came out very well , perfectly shaped .
this attachment requires the prior purchase of food grinder .
i previously owed one but broke the volume button .
it gives almost a stinging sensation on my eyelids .
the item pictured is not what you get .
the wired remote will work with apple devices .
i have now purchased two of these grabbers .
the idea is great , a gyro offering resistance .
you 'll find yourself buying frozen pizza more often .
she has never paid it a lick of attention .
i loved this at first with my thunderbolt .
i love my new acrylic cook book holder .
the ps2 version has none of those things .
the only thing it controlled was my hot flashes .
especially the power supply that bulges on the outside .
you get what you pay for with this one .
zipping is a pain and i have healthy hands .
i have always used cateye but this one sucks .
i do find the wire a bit gangly .
this flat edge could also be a chisel .
we 've had the melitta for about 6 months .
all three lines has aluminum sandwiched between stainless steel .
this worked for a week then , suddenly stopprd .
i highly recommend you purchase this original brand .
its very average to mediocre as a action game .
they sat on my head or my desk always .
i can not in good conscience recommend it .
same length , look and feel as the original .
i suggest that you try it for yourself .
i wish is had some speeds to choose among .
the case is cute and looks like the picture .
the openings to the plastic covered pockets are tight .
there are a lot of parts to this thing .
you can not use this outdoors at all .
i even opt 'd to buy another two mags .
this machine is the best path to success .
i am an avid fan of lodge logic .
they 're really sharp and cuts everything with ease .
pays for itself in a heartbeat recommend to all .
even my pasta loving youngest child found it unappealing .
all in all i 'm happy with my purchase .
customer service was so wonderful to deal with-a plus .
i took this and noticed no improvement whatsoever .
i have never played it in over 1 year .
the flavor is too strong for my liking .
the rubber stretches out after just a few months .
be clear , it was not a minor amount .
so sturdy not even ups could chip it .
i bought this for my mom for christmas .
the size is perfect for chopping vegetables and fruits .
looks and feels like it is a solid device .
i was introduced to this instrument by atk .
not sure what else to say about it .
the sole is not meant to be worn outside .
the m lights up blue , and looks nice .
this divider is exactly what i was looking for .
after searching i found this on on amazon .
also , loved the little atom key chain flashlight .
it will certainly protect my samsung galaxy s5 .
two exact units failed , love the incessant beeping .
it is like a 3 hour advanced character creator .
this cover is just what i was looking for .
after 5 minutes i needed to send them back .
did it make it look new again ? no .
at first glance i thought the colors were great .
turns out this is significantly larger than # 20 .
if yours will eat anything then go for it .
the second one looked bad but tasted great .
tighten the two clamp screws if need be .
the only advantage to the wifi connection vs .
so i got this color remover at sally 's .
it is sad to see that the u.s .
this fit and worked perfectly in my 8120 .
but u do n't fly on the tail rotor .
i would not even recomend renting this game .
this makes it more attractive and easier to clean .
this game simply does not meet the hype .
use this frequently to make jerky and dried fruits .
you do n't need to buy a whole set .
these kitchen utility racks are beautiful and versatile .
i have owned this electric skillet for several months .
this system was completely unacceptable for even tv sound .
it is just too uncomfortable on my skin .
you have choices but do n't wait too long .
your friends will love this bling bling case .
purchased this for my son who is in college .
overall the design of this thing is absolutely wretched .
they are heavy pieces but so worth the lift .
nine lives - you have nothing to worry about .
if it 's basicly a remake of crazy taxi .
keeps stuff handy but out of the way nice .
this is important for my use on glass-top ranges .
i was pleased with the quality of these rings .
the shape of the battery is rather awkward .
the characters look all wavy and messed up .
i still had enough to charge my bluetooth headset .
not much else to say about it right now .
everything else is pretty much terrific about the box .
fits perfectly and has not lost its color .
the colors that are intact look pretty though ! .
worked well on grease on kitchen range hood .
the pitcher itself is great for the price .
i write this wearing a bandaid so be careful .
i recommend it as a gift as well .
i wanted this for the blender that i had .
that 's what this wonderful product did for me .
multiplayer is the same quality as quake 3 .
i just order another battery from a different vendor .
she loves it for all the obvious reasons .
i use it daily , still looks like new .
this makes leaning your head against anything awkward .
and i have tried a lot of them .
oh , and it stays in my ear too .
the bread has a great crust and nice texture .
smaller than it look , does not work good .
i am using it to take notes for study .
volume and on/off button are difficult to manage .
it was lead-free and exactly the right size .
this product is not one of their better items .
the case protects from water as well as impact .
no one would want to act so silly .
you must have two people to put them on .
but after washing my face they looked the same .
one for me and one for my girlfriend .
this is a known issue , thousands of complaints.7 .
i will not buy another cuisinart combo blender again .
i do like the velcro closure of the flap .
i tried masking this with cinnamon and vanilla .
but the cakes are beautiful and slide out perfectly .
i find the job unpredictable and somewhat dangerous .
very nice toaster but the cord is too short .
device is sleek and very easy to use .
apparently the two i went through did n't work .
totally would buy as a gift to someone too .
the product is fabulous but the delivery time sucks .
otherwise i would not have heard statement 6 .
i splurged and shopped for the circulon set .
the battery does last longer than the stock one .
i overflowed in the cups and i measured carefully .
i 've ordered and used inexpensive guitar gig bags .
there so little they do n't tell you that .
and then it goes to corn gluten meal .
my current cell phone is a samsung samsung a697 .
just my solution to a very minor problem .
can charge my galaxy s3 full one time .
this detachalbe hose on the slime is worthless.2 .
i 'll go back to the drug store stuff .
the adjustment dials are very easy to use .
i followed the directions and applied the product .
we have had the product for 12 months now .
i think the labeling should be made much clearer .
a new owner may have changed the specs .
it has a lip that protects the front .
i test others and always revert back to oxo .
these tortilla bowl makers are just what i needed .
and i do n't even play one on tv .
after 40 years , needed new knives and block .
i would strongly suggest you consider an extra bowl .
also , it did not improve signal between floors .
the bumper is easy to put on or remove .
i did not apply to the other front wheel .
the tuning dial is off a few degrees .
i never buy anything without checking amazon first .
and if feels so gross on your skin .
they replied that they use the ppo method .
i use this main when doing yard work .
this mousse did not live up to its billing .
the keyboard is smaller than standard but very useable .
they did take a long time to arrive though .
the sound quality is good when it works .
i am by no means a make-up snob .
not made as well as i was hoping for .
i highly recommend this type of water filter .
kept the juices better than on the grill .
i decided to get the real thing this time .
i have to sharpen it before each use .
your belt would have to break or come off .
she loves them and she is very satisfied .
been looking for one of these for a while .
i even take this one camping with me .
after all , this is a very inexpensive microwave .
these seem to offer better service and durability .
i used this as secondary unit for my bedroom .
this is a very nice little pocket power supply .
talk time is great standby time is great .
i have had this vacuum about one year .
a waste of money if u ask me .
my son enjoyed this toy however i did n't .
maybe we got a bad batch or bag .
i was constantly wiping black specks off my cheeks .
this oven is the miracle of the century .
i tested this with my hx9v and lx7 .
i like the idea but the execution is terrible .
the duo was just too thick and heavy .
can i give a 0/5 ? is that fair .
i would not waste my money on this product .
lets see how long the 2nd will last .
the attachment to clean stairs works great too .
performance is good if i keep shadows turned off .
these shelves do exactly what they 're supposed to .
they are very cute and will enjoy using them .
these pants fit too small for a 38 .
it has the non-slip texture that i like .
the ear pieces were also tight around my ears .
luckily i only lost about $ 5 or so .
not really any bad reviews on that one .
i didnt know if this was normal or not .
i thought this company was hipper than that ! .
it hangs on my wall above my butcher block .
the stainless steel pot and cover clean up easily .
so this thing is now in the trash .
a real boon for things like alphabet tracing games .
friends were right - acidophilus worked well for me .
am not sure how long this will last .
i left this stone behind during a recent move .
every single thing is bad about this game .
these pads are cheaply made and are very flimsy .
it is not for everyday use or heavy papers .
we 're still looking for a decent coffee percolator .
well made and durable and the price is right .
a little stiff at first but worth the ware-in .
this was an original otterbox at a great price .
nokia knows how to design a very good interface .
the thong part of the sandal was too short .
i bought one of these before reading the reviews .
i received these pans yesterday and used them today .
the charging icon is never indicated ont he phones .
ensure the internals are correct for presta or schrader .
i would not recommend these speakers to anyone .
it seems like the glass filter moves around .
definetly a must have for serious wine buffs .
it is excellent quality that will last a lifetime .
it 's better to shop in-store for this product .
not to mention the annoying crayola bright-light graphics .
also keep in mind the probe placement is important .
not a scratch and it still worked perfectly .
i must find a way to return them .
this is the most versatile pot i own .
great charger , though there may be cheaper options .
they reheat contents in microwave without a problem .
not rolled tightly enough to provide good chewing .
just another good reason to buy these headsets .
i would definitely not purchase cans this way again .
a good example occurs on the first mission .
my other power kin is weird that way too .
unfortunately , this one was made in new jersey .
the pillow was extremely comfortable which surprised me .
the only real negative working against my old mr .
also note that the belt was not abused .
otherwise , grease can drip anywhere as you work .
they charge older slider type phones just fine though .
so i purchased this device with high hopes .
it also grilled onions and other small vegetables well .
i just wanted it out of my house .
the timer programmer is very easy to use .
decided to try this illy on a whim .
skechers puts out a variety of nice shoes .
i added lactobacillus/acidophilus but it made no difference .
individually these items would cost you a lot more .
they do the job they 're supposed to do .
sony simply needs to make more durable ear pads .
furthermore , there are quality control issues in production .
now i never run out of power again .
the dyson handled it all without making a sound .
i bought this to cook meats and fish in .
bought several of these to put in diff .
but excellent graphics does not a good game make .
i definitely would recommend it to family and friends .
this box set is a good place to start .
over all , pleased and the price is reasonable .
the controls are nice , but the gameplay sux .
the hooks slide along the rail for easy adjustment .
it just does not work with this battery .
battery lasts a long time and charges quickly .
i recommend thisproduct to those who appreciate quality .
i hate having cords dangle all over the place .
this was my second and last terk antenna .
in a small space ( my office is approx .
i checked every conceivable place i could think of .
it has a sturdy , quality feel to it .
no cracking or loosening or trouble of any type .
my biggest disappointment here is sound alive feature .
i bought mine at a local micro center .
this is a very handy pan when making meatloaf .
you are better off at the dollar store .
it really does react to your playing style .
easy to grip and stays in your hand .
i decided to order a replacement from amazon .
i have small hands and this was too big .
i was told to return it for a refund .
so stupid since a chemical is a chemical regardless,3 .
get the acclaimed linksys wrt 54 gl instead .
the new one has a narrower pour spout .
she and her husband have raved about them .
i could not take this on an empty stomach .
synthetic fragrance is made of hormone disrupting chemicals .
this is one appliance i will never be without .
the design makes no sense , except marketing gimmick .
better invest more and get a better router .
just smelling it made me want to get sick .
it 's much larger than blowers that outperform it .
very pleased how it protects my i phone .
and good size to fit in my kitchen .
this makes it sooo much easier to slice cheese .
older defender cases , the case feels so tight .
i purchased this jar to store dog food in .
the cloudy part is clearer than you 'd think .
i found it impossible to do precise movements .
stays sharp longer than i expected it to.3 .
lastly i 'd like to talk about the sound .
which is kind of annoying and scary lol .
verizon navigator is very poor and is expensive .
i would definitely recommend this product to others .
this packaging was unisex and the reviews positive .
needed an extra filter for my hard floor cleaner .
i wanted a white one for that reason .
the rod and the patch holder are coated red .
i wish they just sold a decent nokia .
i have been wearing jockey elance panties for years .
the foam is much easier to apply as well .
invest in a harmonica , this one or another .
this cutting board is great when it 's brand-new .
it is more yellow than the picture indicates .
broke with her pulling on it with her feet .
barkeepers friend keeps them shiny and working good .
you just thrust it forward like a sword .
it smelled & felt like cheap dish detergent .
powerful and maintains suction until bag is full .
i spent a while looking elsewhere for this .
i do recommend it because it does cook well .
it does not penetrate the fabric and/or stain .
i included a picture to show the difference .
it is no noiser than a blade grinder .
it does make it look like a banana though .
i would love them if they were sturdier .
glad i bought an lg at the same time .
too bad one ca n't try these before purchase .
in normal driving conditions , it will not move .
i always thought that mug was 4 stars .
description says the item boasts thick wall construction .
this battery easily doubles the stock battery life .
i loved boosting cars and then pimping them out .
we use this once every 2 months or so .
it came as expected and it works perfectly .
so far , this thang is 100 % accurate .
the entire front ripped off right before a race .
i have recommended this product to family and friends .
my first iphone case was an otterbox defender .
for what should be simple consumer electronic devices .
great back up and easy to interchange them .
you get what you pay for i suppose .
we have a 79 lb german shepherd/lab mix .
this is a plague on the supplement industry .
additional apps were needed to tweet most apps .
very happy with product , well designed and made .
the game has crashed my system a few times .
i end up sending it back for a refund .
this was confirmed when i put my foot inside .
this product will work until it does not .
works very well , and the price was right .
this product is a complete waste of money .
i attached an external hard drive through it .
delivery is timely and they are a good value .
the computer basically decides the matches and who wins .
maybe all pcs are named computer or something ) .
i use it to cut veggies and meat .
opening a bottle of wine could n't be easier .
last night i got a huge ammonia spike .
you will not be able to use the camera.2 .
now i got 45 of them to toss out .
the unit also can take and make calls .
the last bluetooth device i owned had poor reception .
each pk is in a strip of about 6 .
it 's like listening to 8track with mono quality .
i have 'regular ' bras that are more supportive .
after two days , only a couple of flies .
try dollar tree store too ..just look at ingredients .
i waited so excited for this product to arrive .
if you die three times your done for .
i wish we had gotten them sooner , though .
thy are also well balanced with fully tined handles .
wish they would make one for my gf2 panasonic .
the battery life on this phone is very good .
a nesco is a very good second oven .
hair milk really does make my hair curl beautifully .
they come out of my dishwahser sparkling clean .
this keeps the pan nicely seasoned and bone dry .
this is an excellent replacement or spare charger .
they broke the first time i wore them .
the ones i received have a zipper fly .
i do n't know how they can eat it .
the stench they live behind is quite strong .
climbing ? they stretch like crazy under a load .
and for that i give this attachment five stars .
fewer things to go wrong , is my motto .
we had this toy for less than a month .
he pulled the string and it can out .
i can only say that i absolutely love it .
not a concern in a home , of course .
callers complain about lots of noise on my end .
this mask also restricted air flow through my nose .
do n't sweat it- the names are basically interchangeable .
but just listening to it is a real disappointment .
fits so tight you ca n't get it off .
i bought this because i was intrigued by it .
it 's not stained or warped or otherwise damaged .
for no reason except to take up game space .
my wife bakes at least twice a week .
the remotes run on empty very quickly now .
still have it , using it for target practice .
this is a great headset with excellent range .
not bad.the incredible is a great smart phone .
there is definitely a lot of clarity here .
this too worked for a while and then failed .
he heard a click and it was over .
i tried this from my local grocery store .
i would not recommends this overpriced item to anyone .
the conditioner does nothing to help with the dryness .
could be poor quality of workmanship or poor design .
so please , dont wast your money with this .
the 5 quart artisan model is perfect for me .
i have owned these for about two years now .
i needed a replacement and this filled the bill .
with the antenna i had a stable 2g signal .
all three were great for a week or to .
a wonderful bowl to use as a table centerpiece .
you will actually smile when you hit switch .
the fur was really attached to the carpet .
easy to put on if you take your time .
i have the game guide in may bath room .
i want something that has permanently attached handles .
i will update review in a few more weeks .
and it was priced properly for a battery .
i bought this after atk reviewed it highly .
i received this product very quickly and love it .
it is pretty cute like the picture has shown .
the paper glued on pressed cardboard is not lasting .
say no more ! i appreciate all lodge products .
the start/stop was very intuitive and easy to remember .
the phone is not only unique but quite useful .
i 'm now going to buy a separate stuffer .
first of all i need to explain my situation .
the only positive is that it is cute .
my old battery was only lasting a few hours .
i 'll just take this one as a loss .
this is as good as it gets with coffee .
i did some research and bought this one .
try some of the not-as-pathetic games by expert software .
i woud more than highly reccommend this sharpener .
the rotisserie can handle up to a 5lb chicken .
it was comfortable and survived my washing machine once .
the water container for the blue brush retains water .
our friend had wanted this to grate cheese .
it cleans easily and looks great for everyday use .
maybe the nook color is a better bet ? .
the engine runs smooth even with my semi-old set-up .
this blackhead remover did not work for me .
i think she had it right from the start .
the instructions clearly indicate to use the adapter ring .
unfortunately this cable was n't treated well in manufacturing .
simply blast your water faucet and rinse it .
i bought this one for another foodie friend ! .
keep that in mind when it comes to power .
they nickle and dime you to death for life .
the other games as well seem very cool .
each time it my hair with an odd feeling .
it does n't affect the performance at all though .
it is just plain boring and really slow .
i bought it and wish i had not .
with a lifetime warranty this gets my 5 stars .
this cleaner was such a waste of money .
9 inch gives me control over the weight balance .
it is easy to use and generally browns evenly .
it will just break down for no obvious reason .
overall i can not complain for this price .
no fingerprints.no annoying glares.no scratches.easy to put on .
i had to ship back to amazon four times .
i got this to see how it tasted .
better late than never with my review i guess .
the great battle music gets played to death .
this is definitely not a pick up-and-play game .
it shipped fast and arrived in great condition .
buying pants online is always such a bastard .
none of the other cables have this issue .
love this , now i have more counter space .
works greatwith the tray is a welcome addition .
i have 2 pieces of lodge cast iron cookware .
it had good noise canceling for the low price .
there are similar products that cost twice as much .
if you step on wet tile you will slide .
bought 2 otter boxes for our 2 new phones .
i 'd invest in a smaller glass/metal feeder instead .
i really like the large size of this steamer .
it is very depressing to have this phone .
remove the press assembly and stir once more .
the crystals were smaller but definitely still scary .
but they are tight fitting around the foot .
it only works well in a completely quiet setting .
i was amazed at how much difference it makes .
the older one burned out about a month ago .
description needs to state the size of the adapter .
i ca n't explain it but it is migraine-worthy .
wish they came in sets of different sizes .
i think the manual mentions something about that .
returned both then placed an order for another pair .
easy to clean and has held up nicely .
i will keep searching for the right pair .
this is beautifully simple and met our needs perfectly .
it may be too early to tell though .
i was quite disappointed in hanes brand of panties .
$ 7 and with prime arrived in 2 days .
i have gained a respect for oxo products .
this is a nice point and click stylus .
i have eaten salad many times since purchasing it .
uncomfortably small even though i ordered a size up .
it is easy ton use and to clean .
i have curly/wavy hair that is also fine .
i needed the feeder as we are going away .
this high-temp set has worked very well for me .
it turns slightly to the left or right .
this was a gift for brother in law .
they came flat-packed , and had to be assembled .
it took much longer than 1 minute to dry .
i take my spare battery to outdoor events .
this item is exactly what you pay for .
this turner is awesome , the colors are beautiful .
i wonder if that will last and how long .
my kid absolutely loves playing with other toy balls .
it came with its original box and accessories .
i was met by an ever changing charger color .
this review is specific to the black stretch .
this mower was easy to assemble and cuts well .
the serving pot lid fits the skillet well .
my tetra 20 gallon air pump is not quiet .
i like the soft , clear ones much better .
keep your olive oil in a bottle instead .
fit perfectly and was easy to put on .
easy to install and looks and works great .
within 15 minutes it was chewed to pieces .
the rubber feels a little thicker and less flimsy .
short choppy hair that needs a lot of help .
we use it at least once a week .
i guess time will tell if it lasts .
i 'd certainly recommend it for anyone who travels .
plus the built-in flashlight is a nice extra feature .
this is an excellent product and easy to use .
the digital read out is not very bright either .
i now use the handy chopper attachment almost daily .
the hose swings and gets in the way .
my teenage son wanted a g shock like mine .
this you are better off doing by hand .
a must have for every great cooks kitchen ! .
i recommend swedish firesteel or another firesteel product .
psyllium husk if i have it on hand .
honeywell did a great job with it 's construction .
the squeegee attachment works well on shower door glass .
the connectors detach constantly and needs to be reassembled .
i wo n't be purchasing this again on amazon .
this is going to be a very long review .
he 's back to licking up every last bite .
applying more of the foundation just made it worse .
not the best protection but is very cute .
is the blue light distracting and pointless ? absolutely .
turns out its the alcohol they put in it .
with the lodge logic seasoning is not a problem .
this shampoo feels good once you apply it .
i was basing the size by other dresses purchased .
the infuser is a nice touch as well .
after leaving over night , the foam went down .
case logic cases used to have 3-ring binders .
until people become more skeptical , they are right .
it 's like drinking berry flavored milk of magnesia .
it holds up to 50 plastic grocery bags .
acts as phone protector and charging case in one .
so this was a down side for me .
but they are comfortable wearing in the house .
these are not like the typical keen sandals .
this thing rolled away a long time ago .
i wo n't be ordering from this company again .
i wish i had purchased the smaller one though .
but , certainly tolerable and not a deal breaker .
and the assortment of additional pieces available is great .
this procedure required four hands so my wife helped .
too hard & uncomfortable.i saw one on dr .
i love zebra and thought this would be perfect .
fits well and provides the seal as expected .
all parts inside and out are very cheap .
this pan is perfect at what it does .
it was so easy to get moldy and discolored .
yes this unit allows you to do that .
i have cooked with all-clad for 25 years .
i purchased this for my dad for fathers day .
these symptoms were all a first for me .
it does not burn and cleans up well .
i would recommend this for an iphone 4 user .
this case was bought for a galaxy s3 .
however it ripped shortly after we got it .
the waist is adjustable , but it runs small .
these are advertised as being very high quality glass .
the first thing i cooked was bacon and eggs .
i used this to make banana bread muffins .
the person on the other end never complains .
this game requires an internet connection to play .
this left my hair a really weird red color .
bought these to replace my old oster blender gasket .
however , this skillet is not a non-stick product .
the first week using this line was phenomenal .
it must have left the shop in this condition .
i dusted my cats and dog this flea season .
try doing that with an iphone or ipad .
i bought this to use on my soap making .
the door closes and opens very very smoothly .
will never never buy asparagus in a can again .
i received a bad pad from body solid .
i had something else before and liked it better .
i use it every day with the travel mug .
i was excited about this bra for nursing .
i read reviews here before ordering one from amazon .
i can fully recharge the ipad with this .
it kind of glowed for a little while .
i loved the no hassle packaging from amazon .
small thin knive but metal is sub par .
my experiences with b+w filters are not positive .
the size is good for my 38 inch waist .
u can then do it with one hand .
machine is quiet and very easy to use .
again cast iron has never been this easy .
i would order another if i had to .
i havent had any problems with them falling off .
i am very happy with this small food processor .
i was afraid one of the legs would snap .
must have for any phone out of the case .
the headset was delivered as promised in original packaging .
i will never purchase from that company again ! .
shop around and do n't be persuaded by design .
i am very happy with this shower basket .
i purchased the otterbox defender case a month ago .
i dont think this wrked very well for me .
this toy gets a no from the dogs .
no building and gathering resources in these missions .
it did not come as good as new .
when we got back , he had fleas galore .
i stopped using it after a month or so .
i ordered this for my 15-lb jack russell .
each push toggles to the next setting high/med/low/med/high .
it may have even made it feel slightly larger .
i plan on contacting the manufacturer about this .
this is also in a quiet room.small and lite .
i heard about clay cookers from southern cooking cookbook .
this norpro pounder is easy to use and control .
i ordered honeywell 38001 enviracare universal replacement pre-filters .
just make sure you only use it at home .
battery failed to charge after about 4 months .
i wish i had this a long time ago .
holds razor in place firmly on our tiled shower .
the guys in marketing got me this time .
this is more of a problem than it seems .
i had the same problem as some others .
the richness of press coffee is in the thickness .
which reminds me , the range is very good .
these do not rust if taken care of properly .
i use this on my unlocked iphone 5 .
it kept automatically turning off repeatedly when playing .
the shampoo afterwards takes care of the unpleasant scent .
it will leave scratches on your screen protector .
she tells you of a tablet with mysterious powers .
i have not have any difficult with it yet .
the fabric used on the back is itchy .
the fact that it is mobile is a plus .
the powdered cheese was all over the place .
it 's a small capacity but works for me .
my eyes got red rimmed and started swelling up .
i bought and tried one of those paddle types .
i 've used both and prefer pods for ease .
i 've got literally dozens of hand held devices .
poor piss performance from western digital again and again .
these cookies are hard & somewhatlacking in taste .
i find perhaps five unpopped kernels with the brm .
these suspenders were not what i was expecting .
i give it an a+ for functionality and design .
the phones look great and are much improved .
it looks nice displayed on the kitchen counter .
i have hade a iphone since they came out .
the first thing to go was the spring .
so i had to try the other offerings .
that is a bit awkward but eventually it worked .
this is a really fun part of the game .
different locations where made all have different issues .
review downgraded to from 3 to 2 stars .
my nine year old has no trouble using it .
i found it to small for my sphynx .
they looked larger and nicer in the ad .
they smell like maple syrup but taste like oranges .
there is a spare ear hook and ear cushion .
this one is not convenient for a pocket carry .
and , that is what makes it so fun .
i will stick with the trusty voyager 510 .
but this one will definitely do the trick .
the color is great but that 's about it .
a call to kitchenaid resulted in a great response .
this is just what i was looking for .
very disappointed after reading all the great reviews .
the vendor assured me it was a new battery .
was n't even worth my time getting it replaced .
i can go on and on of its used .
go to walmart & buy the ones they carry .
i bought this to use with my keyboard .
some people complain about a smell of melting plastic .
save your money and buy a better cable .
looks as if it was cut with scissors .
i was pleased at first with these slippers .
loved how nice it looked ! fits phone nicely .
normal driving makes the signal fade in and out .
i purchased this and love the way it works .
lodge makes the best quality cast iron cookware .
i bought it but ended up throwing it away .
this was so bad i threw it away .
so it 's something to do with the game .
for the price however it 's still a deal .
the mesh is also durable and holding up well .
did n't really care for it when it came .
it could be part of a nice housewarming gift .
keeps the air invisible on my winter smoking porch .
the plain white goes with almost any decor .
this product looks like and works as advertised .
some of the grounds are several millimeters across .
coming from a puzzle maker , i was appalled .
i still stand behind my purchase and review .
the product was shipped promply and packaged approximately .
this product arrived on time and in good condition .
however , that is not what this toy does .
they work great and so does the panasonic vacuum .
this is an adjustable rubberized stand for many items .
the seller wo n't refund unless it is unopened .
then it would take longer to do it all .
i bought this size and the 9 inch square .
the background environment in the entire game is 2d .
it is easy to use and to clean .
very happy that i switched and purchased this product .
this connects automatically when she gets in the car .
adds a little bit of bulk but overall great .
i have always been afraid of a pressure cooker .
the otterbox case and holster is undeniably cool .
this product is a choking hazard for any child .
also , the ui is better than the nokia .
zelda , has a better story and better gameplay .
wind noise affects the call quite a bit .
very fast delivery , returns made simple for sure .
just make sure it has the metal insides .
hope to have filtering water for six months .
i returned this product because it did not work .
the on/off switch with the beep works great .
if you want a great game , get ee1 .
made some drop biscuits that turned out great .
it 's easy to clean and easy to use .
was easy to use and easy to clean .
i got this outfit for halloween last year .
plus its too easy to be ripped off .
so it would not be good for pan frying .
the hip , seat and crotch area were tight .
this thing is so useful i actually got 2 .
my hands get cramped with small , thin styli .
it crowds my breasts , and really is uncomfortable .
buying from amazon is definetly the cheaper route .
i keep it on almost all the time .
i do use wooden tools just in case .
bought this as a gift and great so far .
the only tool needed is a phillips head screwdriver .
the worst part is the adapters / tips included .
nearly every shot has some blur to it .
i love the look of the new jabra stone .
however swissco long handle has smooth round edges .
i find the laudatory reviews here completely incomprehensible .
i busted it out today and it 's perfect .
so i went with them based off of that .
i use bamboo for the toughness and beauty .
there could be several reasons for this happening .
the citric acid has not marred the stainless steel .
the handles are intact and look like new .
i love this products and would buy again .
it drains water effectively while keeping spaghetti inside .
the pyrex storage dish is a favorite of mine .
you have to restrain the tea before using .
this was made to work , and it does .
if it was self-cleaning it would be perfect .
the strap is too short to be usable .
i have tried several premium dog food brands .
it has a nice texture to the outside .
amazon was very cooperative in accepting them back .
however do n't expect too much more than that .
i even got frizz after i used this .
it is thick and heavy for it 's size .
corelle is a great product and totally microwave worthy .
they do n't fare too well in the washer .
i love this machine-it is really worth the $ .
it 's just like the one my mom had .
slides in and out of pockets with ease .
i am going back to my other enzyme .
i would like to revise those ratings now .
the product will float on top of the milk .
but i will continue to try other aveeno products .
this also can be used for making mini muffins .
i have had this pan for 6 months now .
i had no problem when i ordered myself some .
the small scoop would probably be better for him .
i only recommend it for something light weight .
i had to force the knives into these holders .
it is unbearable indoors for any period of time .
it is the easiest way to boil eggs .
this is a good water heater for the price .
i bought this unit because of the rave reviews .
swimsuit still smelled like a bottle of chlorine .
i thought this one would do the trick .
i like that it has a dual timezone clock .
this one is the highest rated of the bunch .
this bowl is terrific for gripping the counter top .
got this to replace my wife 's apple earbuds .
the reset button did not even pop out .
then it will join the humane society donations .
was n't a huge fan of this phone case .
these are nice and we use them now .
we played with them and like them good .
one was huge , the other much too small .
vanillagenerously butter 9 x 9 x 2-inch pan .
the handle can be removed easily for cleaning .
it is a necessary addition to any kitchen .
these go from my microwave to the table .
first pot i could ever say that about .
this car adapter provides enough power for my phone .
this was not baked cheese in the least .
the plastic mixing container is the perfect size .
but amazon is the best place to get them .
for the money i high recommend this cover .
just like the free ones from a new phone .
perfect for cereal or leftovers of any kind .
it prints nothing other than the test page .
save your money and buy a better toy .
i consider this product to be a conditioner .
can be used as a serving tray also .
wo n't be buying a snap on case anymore .
thus i hope the dials will outlast the heater .
n900 supports most of the widely used codecs .
it keeps it warm and is the perfect solution .
i got this for $ 0.90 at big lots .
these are great for perserving your favorite food items .
i have sensitive eyes when it comes to allergies .
i had more wind tangles than any other line .
bought one for me and another for the wife .
a wonderfully useful addition to my kitchen aid appliance .
once in awhile i look for something new .
the first ones of these i bought worked great .
i borrowed this game to try it out .
linkys has very good directions for this upgrade.basically you:1 .
it is very opaque and a bit dull .
the drawrs pull out smoothly and without any sound .
i use this professionally in my small catering business .
this is my favor size container for bake goods .
can of pineapple chunks or a 19 oz .
it does not stay on my skin at all .
i would advise on getting a different brand .
this stuff did not work very well at all .
my daughter was very disappointed with the product .
this entire quest is overkill and i despise it .
the sound quality is very good on both ends .
i would recommend this for people any day .
it gave a sour scent on my skin .
complaints about the innards being flimsy are unwarranted .
if you want quality there is a steal model .
slides into and out of my pocket with ease .
i have used color on my hair for years .
curretly it shows china map in chienes pingyin .
this is great for kids who love to cook .
it will be a nice edition to your kitchen .
it fits over two burners and cooks well .
also the quality seems to be very good .
i high suggest you skip this piece of junk .
i recommend jawbone to anyone looking for a bluetooth .
a must have for large meats and turkeys .
and friends reported similar disappointments with other generations .
the shell is massive and obstructs screen access .
knowing who to kill will be frustrating as well .
well it was quite lovely out of the box .
the chews are soft and easy to administer .
i purchased this for my kids when we travel .
i was an unpleasant experience to say the least .
my trust level for plantronics has gone down .
this is definately not as miraculous as i thought .
does a great job chopping up ice too .
so stupid since a chemical is a chemical regardless,3 .
i would n't suggest wasting your money on this .
would like the mesh to be a little tighter .
i received this the day after i ordered it .
i thought this would be a great solution .
this is a great case for the money .
give you a nice deep bath , without leaking .
the darned grommets at the base keep popping off .
i have combination skin with occasional , hormone-related breakouts .
it takes only a day to beat it .
the line itself is actually very nice and strong .
the color is nothing like on the computer .
i even tried replacing the fixtures they were in .
they were very durable and comfortable to the touch .
i got these to match my callaway impressions dinnerware .
i would definitely recommend this if you cook often .
my pit was in love with this toy .
nice you can read digital from across room .
i received this coffee through the vines program .
obstruct my vision of the road and 2 .
buy this blade and i resolved my problem .
they can be used for so many things .
it fits perfectly and gives me an excellent shave .
i replace it with an oval shoe string .
there are other options that provide a better experience .
i returned it and bought a hot seat instead .
it heats up quickly and is easy to clean .
this is the pan i reach for most often .
they taste artificially flavored and are not very appealing .
it actually comes close to crema but its not .
but for the money it ill work well .
i first found these on sale at t .
great value and a better price than other stores .
these are a great product that does the job .
i would not doubt that something hit it .
this antenna is simply not worth the money .
they came right away and are just as presented .
the best thing about these cups is their indestructibility .
this is a must have for most house holds .
very simple and removing does n't damage the case .
now i have to go through the return process .
it makes food preparation so much quicker and easier .
and then leon macks honey whatever her name was .
compared to these , i was disappointed with konamix .
this purchase was a great one for me .
you are expected to do almost everything via touch .
i bought one of these about 5 years ago .
but my daughter is totally scared of it .
this product is easy to use and clean .
this is the second knife i ever purchased .
the final screen is great for ricing potatoes .
i waited a long time for this game .
i expected it to be wider as well .
it is attractive enough to sit on the counter .
the powder mix was still in its original form .
i got tired of waiting for it to arrive .
they work great and i purchased 2 pairs .
i 'm in love with the bialetti moka express .
it can be immersed in the sink for cleaning .
as usuual the amazon purchase was as expected .
i got the coffee and made a pot .
the spout is normal- no spills on the side .
i have to say , i am very-very disappointed .
my son also has no interest in this .
it is also easy to maintain and clean .
i am severely disappointed and surprised about this .
did not notice any pleasant affects from the drops .
this is were magna carta gets really sluggish .
like the water filter and adjustable brew size .
this is the worst product i have ever purchased .
note the orientation of the rubber piece for reassembly .
it shipped three days from when i ordered it .
and left it on for 10 min exactly .
its taste good and its good for you .
i am really impressed with this 6-pc farberware set .
i used this in a dark purple colour .
and so it is with the corner helper shelf .
these glasses are great as your regular drinking glass .
it could not go 24 hours without crashing .
seems like good non-stick coating and great quality .
but the person i gave it to loves it .
unfortunately , the outgoing sound is a deal breaker .
theses containers work well and keep the food fresh .
and i get two full charges from it .
i ordered these booties to combat my cold feet .
these come pre-seasoned which is a great time-saver .
good balance and construction , especially for the price .
i now want to buy the 17 inch size .
pros : the product is great when it works .
the cars are just a chore to drive .
it 's a shame because their bars are tasty .
the flavor was also not so spectacular-just average .
she loves it , and the food is excellent .
a real oversight for a funnel of this quality .
i see no improvement after using this cream .
i love oxo products though and would highly recommend .
the 12-inch one is our favorite cast iron pan .
the only problem was that the handle broke .
it is a bit loud but most blenders are .
the ground beef i used was 95 % lean .
it holds 12 bottles of your favorite sparkling wine .
the same can be said about chopping parsely .
amazon is sending a call tag for them both .
unfortunately they arrived too small and too bulky .
no good for a great white hot chocolate .
it is well made and easy to clean .
inside plumbing for filtering internal and external pipes .
so sad too , it is just so adorable .
they work very well in keeping things organized .
works great , no issues noted on my end .
it works with the sony playstation 3 also .
they all worked great , were nice and sharp .
i could n't have afforded a top dollar pot .
i continued to breakout so i discontinued use .
i also always carry a least one spare .
the second delivery took longer then the original delivery .
the noise cancellation alone i found doubly amazing .
this armband is good for small and large arms .
grape seed oil greatly reduces the smoke however .
it does so even if you have wifi enabled .
i have a much skinnier handled one already .
the only limitation this slicer has is its size .
the microphone on the headset is overly sensitive .
too bad because i really wanted this to work .
i probably gave them one star too many .
my son recieved this chair as a birthday gift .
previously , my favorite 'phones were the motorola s305 .
i highly recommend this cheap backup battery charger .
there is just no comparison to the classic game .
well recommended.i hope this was helpful to you .
i use wi-fi both at home and work .
i bought this chocolate in the local grocery .
made my hair break , turn green and orange .
do n't be intimidated by the amount of paperwork .
we have a very non-protective case on it .
this cutter product has been both confusing and disappointing .
the top part of the sock is very thin .
maybe it will last longer for someone else .
she told me to just buy the expensive press .
i get a headache and then i get queasy .
quickly becoming one of my favorite most used devices .
it played all my movies and mp3/mpeg discs .
i started using this headset two days ago .
the ergonomics of the product are well thought out .
and i still get good use out of it .
i returned the item without long term use .
next it has 4 options for wind time .
the burrs are ceramic and should last forever .
but she ca n't play with it by herself .
came back to order more to complete the set .
it did the job it wa supposed to do .
$ 7 though and i think worth the price .
even so i am sticking with a knife.4 stars .
made in china with cracks in many places .
outside in even mildly breezy conditions it is unusable .
this is now my 2nd battery from these guys .
quit working as soon as the warranty expired .
this is the first lps playset my child received .
it tells you what time it is , too .
i am really happy with this electric water kettle .
but we are englishmen , of the finest character .
they save a lot of scratching and drops .
i was very excited to get the x2 .
the gold does not even look like gold .
same great product , glad they are out there .
i have had this machine for about a month .
i would not recommend this brand to you .
i purchased this product because of heel pain .
if you like to cook , buy this press .
would not buy another one of this style though .
i 'll post again when i attempt an install .
doubt they would have fit my wife either .
we probably use it 10 times a day .
i agree with another review about expiration date .
i will never use another kind of case again .
actually bought all of those in larger bottles .
this is the best peeler i have ever used .
i received an engine hoist leveler.i understand mistakes happen .
it is very hard to focus this lens manually .
the usb is very good also fast shiping .
this does not works well and have accuracy issues .
every scene looks washed out and out of focus .
my bride ordered this to complement the bathroom redo .
not sure if mine was just defective or not .
then , the plastic backing goes over the rubber .
it shipped fast and came package in great condition .
at least it sounds like it to me .
i took the viviscal pills faithfully for 2 months .
made in germany.you can slice thin or thick .
i have had no issues at all with this .
would return had they stretched out after first use .
would probably fare better with an older child .
these are just too short to be usable .
i would never recommend this product at all .
i can definitely hear every word of the tv .
sometimes the measuring marks are even printed off kilter .
the graphics are poor and movement is archaic .
this is my second cuisinart dcc-1200 coffee maker .
this bread maker is terrible in that regard .
i had to rebend it after every use .
you can finish items off in the oven .
i tried this to get a smoother shave .
this is a great deal for the price .
i returned these because of the size and length .
i will not be ordering from amazon again .
verizon told me to buy the wrong thing .
cleanliness is next to godliness for any dairy recipe .
eventually and then frequently it will become a necessity .
i would strongly recommend a different brand though .
set up very easy connected to phone no problem .
makes 4 or 5 strips at a time .
i 'm sorry to say that it was horrible .
now i have a small cat hair free zone .
this popcorn maker creates the best buttered popcorn around .
in the title this one states size : 40lbs .
either way i can no longer endorse this product .
these were significantly cheaper than the cast aluminum pan .
i 'm a bit of a kitchen appliance junky .
we use it at least twice a week .
can easily hold three large bottles of hair products .
this wallet is everything i have been looking for .
i have 3 -- 2 replays and a tivo .
i suggest going down at least one whole size .
easy to use and the results are spectacular .
this is a great web site to shop from .
this product is cheap even for the price .
it is a very nice and very sharp grater .
no more worrying about my phone during long weekends/vacations .
i bought this and at first it worked great .
it can be pretty hard every now and then .
i emailed the manufacturer and they did not respond .
pandora/slacker must be downloaded , but work exceptionally well .
i do not recommend this product for any price .
it is simply designed easy to put together .
in time i will purchase the other sizes .
it arrived with three sides visibly bent inward .
i will never buy levis again from this vendor .
unfortunately the grapeseed extract is causing me problems .
replaced the front with and anti glare one .
and it will leave your hair weighed down .
my kids played it for about 2 minutes .
we have had this little teakettle for five years .
the idea worked the first time she used it .
nevertheless , i would be wary of this brand .
i swear by otterbox ! especially their defender cases .
but please be warned these are absolutely terrible .
i have attempted many adjustments but nothing works .
they look good the lenth is very good .
i am shocked to see the negative reviews .
especially when two of us have cell phones .
i received it very quickly which i was shocked .
skip this one there is better out there .
the difference in magnification is pretty much negligible .
and the ear-gels are really easy to change.4 .
i am not getting a dime for saying so .
the blend of oils in this stuff is amazing .
it 's much better than having to boil them .
even my kindle dx doesnt charge well on na .
nothing could be simpler to install and use .
this is a very easy to use device .
most people are used to them salted and roasted .
i would tell everyone to have one of these .
worked as described and the price was great .
this tool is a must-have for the home baker .
for protecting the screens of your electronic devices .
purchased for a tomtom and a droid x2 .
does a great job and easy to use .
my dog did n't like this toy very much .
happy toe be able to order on line .
both units delivered to me would not turn on .
he uses it with his 6 quart stand mixer .
we are very happy with this chemex coffee maker .
i wear a 34d minimizer in wacaol brand bras .
might as well give warning to other people .
i bought these for my glock 19 gen 4 .
and that is where this explanatory detour has lead .
it ended up making my whole head feel warm .
this one is really attractive and it works great .
this pan is the perfect size for 2 people .
this is the best headset i have ever had .
tony hawk 1 and 2 are more enjoyable .
the cover snaps on and off very easily .
this can result in burned or overcooked meals .
the quality control in china is sadly lacking .
the engineering on a playdoh machine is better .
it is lighter , but is very poorly made .
this scale has a removeble top for easy cleaning .
the unit i received did not work properly .
we got tired of paying someone to sharpen knives .
the only thing missing is the outdoor cooking experience .
the product arrived on time and does the job .
the usable space on the plate is 12 in .
these beans were just far from the best .
does not immediate remove the wrinkles for sure .
you strike them on any rock or rough surface .
my office was a long walk from the kitchen .
it was very depressing to not have upright ducks .
we have used it every day for a month .
for one thing , i despise this one-shot-kill thng .
i have virtually standardized on these screen protector .
the flavor just was n't hitting with this product .
very good graphics card and 2 gb ram .
unscrew top and bottom , then remove bottom filter .
i have this big 2 quart bowl in scarlet .
love how it sears and finishes in the oven .
too expensive for what you get as a product .
good looking stone , but arrived in two pieces .
i had my unit for about one year .
greatly extends the battery life , exactly as planned .
this is now his favorite pan in his kitchen .
this pasta lifter is handy for multiple uses .
so we replaced it with the same model .
purchased these from amazon a few months ago .
bigger is always better.stainless clean up is easy .
this is my report for beautiful amazon 's costumers .
being obsessed with spider webs is just plain creepy .
i mourned the loss of the real yuna .
you can not return the stayaway motion activated products .
i read in reviews that this cloth was recommended .
my husband hates it because it is not nonstick .
died some cheap material and not well made .
just my take on it based on direct experience .
the round board is 12 inches in diameter .
this item shelters your phone from all sides .
the sharpener is worth much more than it cost .
she really enjoyed the crayons and even coloring elmo .
some of them are always upside down or sideways .
so i have to return the first one .
the set-up really is plug-n-play , nothing to configure .
your handle should stay cool , especially when pouring .
i would still recommend it to a friend .
kittens and puppies eventually grow into cats and dogs .
so i am reducing the review to 2/5 stars .
used as recommended without any problems saves time .
get enough medals and other good things happen .
you make tactical moves using cards from your deck .
there was almost immediate relief and the stinging dissipated .
so that left another bad taste in my mouth .
i got this battery for my mom cell .
hesitated because of other reviews on other brands .
well it turns out to just be crap .
the lifter wouldbe ok for pancakes or the like .
they informed me people called and asked us to .
and it had the new features integrated into it .
this is a great toaster for the money .
try a different product from a different company .
i bought these on the strength of another reviewer .
everything seems very heavy duty and should last forever .
i have nothing negative to say about this pot .
it worked perfectly for chopping herbs and spices .
it does not look cheap front or back .
i returned it and kept the citizen eco drive .
now need to find some good loose tea leaves .
this 36 is actually a 32 or a 30 .
i do n't see any difference after using these .
i bought this for a friend who loves yellow .
tracker is smooth and easy to pull and push .
it is not easy to read or follow .
only 2 calories per serving and a recyclable container .
i think this works well as a phone protector .
i have since given this product to my daughter .
a good buy that works exactly as advertised .
for the record i love two worlds ii .
i enjoy my ps3 from time to time .
got a 430ex and am nothing but satisfied .
so far , some of the chocolate is ok .
a simple half-turn catch like that should work .
that lasts my dogs a good week usually .
best case i 've found for the iphone 4s .
it worked great and was very easy to use .
they were inexpensive for every day glass ware .
i attached the bottom piece and the plastic broke .
i bought this to keep my craft supplies in .
this is the best coffee grinder i 've tried .
ovi maps should have been turn-by-turn for n900s already .
it does an amazing job on sharpening knives .
you have to make sure you blend it thoroughly .
not sure if i will end up using it .
these are a good buy for the price .
ones with a bit more quality than this .
overall service was great but product not so good .
it is more shallow than a dutch oven .
the accompanying lids are just perfect for microwaving .
use the plastic tools to disconnect the 3 cables.4 .
it is cordless and the battery works just fine .
no big deal though because of the price .
nonstick cookware simply can not tolerate the heat requirement .
but they are also rock hard and caustic .
this is more of a sweeper than a vacuum .
maybe she is just too advanced for it .
works for charging but not for data transfer .
but the vibration strength on this item is pitiful .
ordered these for my daughters with their iphones/ipods .
saying that , maybe i should have stopped there .
exactly what i was expecting and it looks lovely .
we purchased another bag and it was fine .
i also like the way the lid works .
they could work very well for someone else .
i thought the rest of the game was great .
i would buy another if i need too ! .
it 's easy to read and simple to operate .
chops evenly and clean up is a breeze .
it 's my back up for my plantronics 520 .
the items themselves are too small and fragile .
the first & biggest issue are the 2 doors .
cut my finger badly once , shame on me .
it does a nice even job with frying .
i use mine mostly for quick easy egg sandwiches .
it holds 32 oz which is a good size.5 .
two major complaints - the screen bleeds light .
the motor is very quiet , and very strong .
this was a gift to my sis-in-law in canada .
great for everyday use or for special dinners .
it still happens about 25 percent of the time .
also i found them to be very dry .
i was glad to find out they do n't .
the box and both bags were full of ants .
i ported two numbers from att to h2o .
i have a friend and she hates it .
the size of the bag is pretty big .
there are no backgrounds to any character or development .
works great for poaching/cooking eggs in a microwave .
i find this black handle mitt to be indispensible .
i never could get coordinated enough to use it .
it is exactly what the positive reviews stated .
i contacted leapfrog and they sent a replacement .
so frustrating and impossible getting this thing to charge .
it works perfectly with voice dialing and voice commands .
the ants walk all over this weak stuff .
laser pointer and led light are a nice touchcons:1 .
the shipment came in over a week early .
got 2 pairs defective from the actual manufacturer website .
only wish they had a bigger size as well .
the light sourdough is made by adding vinegar .
it took almost two weeks to receive item .
oh well , you get what you pay for .
she has been using it for over 25 years .
once i got that straightened out they work fine .
best cups to hang my season light strands .
buyer beware you are not getting what is pictured .
i can not say enough about this little thing .
oxo told me it has just been discontinued .
literally the simulated hoods are now an open slit .
thinking abouit purchasing the 11-inch logic deep fryer skillet .
the only downside is the noise and the size .
one move with two parts - very exciting .
the spring loaded hinges were not aligned and cracked .
that 's supposed to be the rule with toys .
these need to be made in proper sizes .
therefore i can not comment on the unit .
you do n't even know you have it on .
i bought 3 and never use any of them .
we now use it primarily as a wired speaker .
we use it at least once a day .
it is stable when mixing and easy to clean .
it has held up in the microwave and more .
these looked longer on the woman in the picture .
have used it consistently and it is very durable .
they have to build these thing better than this .
we bake a lot of cookies in our house .
these did not work well for me at all .
the next day , the dish was dry again .
it washes easily and can go in the dishwasher .
this item is described as having a unique flavor .
the one thing i rarely need is a squeegee .
i works just like the original for me .
maybe too much to expect fpor a couple bucks .
i will not be buying this mouse again .
never had a problem with an amco squeezer .
then the speakers quit working after three weeks .
they need to check out what works with what .
i had one then my oldest son wanted one .
the pan is very durable but yet lite .
my wife has broken her iphone screen three times .
i just wish it were another foot long .
this is a brand name i will remember ! .
could give higher rating if not for that fact .
and i also have it overclocked at about 1.6ghz .
when it finally stopped working 10 year running ) .
i tested the water for particled before and after .
the quality control is definitely hit or miss .
just know that all multiple holes will go inward .
i would recommend if you need to purchase .
all in all i 'm please with this cover .
i simply prefer savory breads most of the time .
the fiesta colors are so fun and pretty .
this has turned out to be very handy .
the first one we received had no microphone response .
the toy itself is a very neat idea .
the size of each individual cereal was reduced .
my 1-year-old cats have zero interest in these .
the price , shipping & cost was great .
never-the-less it is a worthwhile purchase and 4-stars.3 .
and the jars have barely anything in them .
frontline plus simply did n't work for our cats .
i like the clean look and pure white finish .
about 2 weeks later they would n't charge anymore .
as soon as a wind gust it blew backwards .
i am using ios 5.1.1 on my ipad .
handles sturdier than expected and vent on top useful .
i finally replaced my inexpensive knives after 7 years .
i still have this charger and still works .
the most i have gotten is about 18 hours .
so the bread fits in your toaster , etc .
then the ipod refused to sync through the hub .
it also is easy to grip and fairly lightweight .
i have a htc phone and this works great .
this is the second set i have ordered .
my it guy had to saw it off .
what others are saying is true and not hype .
i have this in my phone it works .
this case protects the phone without much bulk .
i tried to change it to 0 degrees .
that would be great for a tension headache .
the smell disappears once it 's in your hair .
would like to have another just for herbs .
the sound quality on this device is great .
so broke that we could n't use it anymore .
it is heavier because of the larger capacity .
we will be returning these as soon as possible .
got this game to play with our adult children .
i guess i am more of an anolon fan .
the fragance free smells very musky like bo .
we loved these filters back when we had cats .
care must be taken to not mess up .
i wasnt sure what certain parts were for .
and bought this to use on my carpeted stairs .
use a mild dishwashing detergent and warm water .
you 'll regret it as much as i do .
the earbuds are very well made and fit well .
they just were n't solid like they should be .
i definitely will not be purchasing this fragrance again .
it works very well and is priced well too .
the worst choice of music in a game ever .
so far this product has been a big disappointment .
perfect fit with not a lot of bulk .
its junk and is a pain to use .
love the red because its bright and crisp .
the phone is awesome and can do a lot .
passion fruits contain major medicinal benefits according to studies .
i would n't be sliding it across counter tops .
i would buy more if i lost mine .
the quality of the remote is cheap plastic .
i had to discard the printer and this cable .
the cake pan i received has a small dent .
i do not like the new bagless vacuums .
does much better at 5 bucks or so .
you are better off buying throwaways than this charger .
consider buying another ps2 game or even 2 dvds .
this is a very simple design and works well .
the retractable cord keeps everything neat on the counter .
my stomache was tender for a couple days .
exactly what you would expect in shower hooks .
you will not be disappointed with this scale .
but the consistent smoothness is well worth it .
they are light weight for cutting boards too .
this is the right size for most people .
at lease no one will try to steal it .
the good : these tongs are cheap and adequate .
i would have taken anything other than this one .
love the soft finish and the gray color .
i took it off and went back to casemate .
the checkerboard look on the bowls are really cute .
this is ok lip balm , but nothing special .
you can have hot pizza for the entire meal .
the same pans can be used by multiple generations .
great case for the money , and then some .
came as a freebie with a sephora order .
blade grinders are just fine for drip coffees .
now i have no excuse to over/under cook .
it did not cost much and charges my iphone .
i had to buy a more expensive alternative .
it makes pizzelles fast and evenly with no sticking .
the standby battery is just that - standby .
it was a really good buy in my opinion .
it also provides two full size usb ports .
this router was a waste of time and effort .
works like a charm over and over again .
one of my cats is marking in the house .
you never know when you need a pair .
thought because it was lite weight would work .
it is very well crafted and came beautifully packaged .
so i do recommend any one to buy it .
this mouse works , but not for detail work .
return was easy except i had to pay postage .
i definitely recommend purchasing this for your phone .
i used it anyway for bacon and pancakes .
when there is an apparent reason - ie .
i had to have the dinnerware set to match .
they worked fine when i was using them .
this work bowl is identical to the original .
nice that the cord unplugs from the kettle .
in my opinion not a good investment at all .
there is no customer support from the manufacturer .
the shape of the shoe is almost rectangular .
they are useless and lose fit when cleaning .
not impressed with any of the rain-x products .
there is no codebreaker here to challenge its dominance .
i got this after dimitri had struvite crystals .
the power cord gets hotter than the dryer .
there are not your cheap dollar store magnets ! .
i have had this grinder for coffee before .
i do it to save money as well .
will keep your knifes sharp and ready to use .
first amazon does not ship dry packaged goods well .
he sniffed it and turned away from it .
it is soft and the design is great .
simple , straightforward and a boon in the kitchen .
good idea but made tacky and cheap looking .
installation was simple and all connections are hidden .
cable is fine and seems to be oem .
this product is basically useless for losing weight .
i got this for parmesan cheese and ginger root .
plenty of features and has several additional options available .
this game is highly unstable on the pc .
i would rather just use a store bag .
this timer has some nice features and works well .
it does exactly what its suppose to do .
cleans easily - this is a great pie pan .
the light-up on/off switch is a great touch .
this is also stated on the product packaging .
the lids fit well and are easy to store .
i now have 5 of them in varioussizes .
sure it 'll have more cars and more tracks .
this knife is a must have for your kitchen .
all oxo products are great and i love them .
i love that they fit in their own tin .
it 's ir port is like a laser beam .
and it 's those cups where this really fails .
about 4 or 5 uses in , everything changed .
it is only held in by one magnet .
this is the main reason i bought both .
i love that i can wash and reuse them .
i purchased this item in early december of 2011 .
then the sensitive mic picks up the wind noise .
the head was all stuffing and no ball .
easy to clean , looks wonderfull as decoration also .
since i love to bake it seemed a natural .
now i use the magnet tool and this rack .
this not only looks awkward ; it feels awkward .
i absolutely love the leve style of this brand .
not very good performance for a $ 50 knife .
instead of grilling the burgers , it slow-cooked them .
this however is the largest i have purchased .
i turn it on beforeplacing over my ear .
hence i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 .
i liked the size better than the taller vitamix .
we took this pan camping and it was awesme .
i tasted this product at a friend 's house .
i 'm sorry i was unable to use it .
it 's also very difficult to level the horizon .
i have been eating dried blueberries for years .
but i did n't hate it while it worked .
it made our room feel very humid and uncomfortable .
bought this to connect my speakers to my tv .
they are highly functional and practically n destructible .
threw it in the trash in 15 min .
the package included four different clips for different applications .
smaller bottles can be held in with rubberbands .
nothing works like this powerhouse of a blender .
the credit card slots are not well made .
in our case the seal had fallen off .
it 's the perfect size and is well made .
i have asthma and depend on air flow consistency .
much better than the expensive ones in best buy .
they are rated for either baking or freezing .
every time you lift the console it comes off .
i use it at work when i need it .
this beats any cleaning product i have ever used .
my cat is n't all that interested in these .
the movements of the laser are less than entertaining .
my son *kind of* fussed around with it .
if any one has some tips please post them .
ateco is a quality manufacturer of baking accessories .
warms up after 4/5 hours but still useable .
this one seems to be doing a good job .
they have come off my cabinet a few times .
i love the floral design and the colors .
removal top handle slides nicely under closet rack .
i use this vac often for small pickup .
like wearing a rag atop your head.bill too long .
i purchased this to use on presta valves .
others may need to do this once per quarter .
this was not good moisturizer for my skin type .
better luck with a 99 cent foam coozie .
this did n't happen with my plantronics 510 headset .
i think the shipper sent me a defective product .
my husband bought this for his cell phone .
i think the construction could be a little different .
we love making pizza in the oven now .
we love it and will never go back ! .
i used the weight i got off the scale .
just change the quantity of milk to 48 oz .
he looks cheaply made and i regret this purchase .
it feels more like a chore rather than fun .
i sure hope nightfire is better than this ! .
too light for a paperweight , so completely useless .
the opening is big enough to easliy clean out .
neither the remote nor the machine buttons work .
they fit really well and were very comfortable .
there are others out there that are better .
my cats did not go wild for this catnip .
the feel is n't silk but not cheap either .
i tried mixing the grain with steel cut oats .
i saw horse chestnut cream recommended on dr .
also the caller i.d did n't work at all .
their packaging is advertising how important the product is .
sadly that was one cliche that was not forthcoming .
easy to work the phone with it on .
it makes me wonder where this case was stored .
one for the kitchen and one for the bathroom .
pass if you care about people hearing you .
you need a pump to blow it up .
( seemy review of the atlas pepper mill sept .
i must admit i was disappointed with this product .
most of them just ricocheted back at me .
purchased this for beloved necklace to help remove tarnish .
i have been using them for 15 years .
so , they are rather loose-fitting for my boy .
stone cold does not look like stone cold .
kadadyn carbon packets in the past were vacuumed sealed .
they literally gave me a broken defective charger .
unfortunately this did not make for a great replacement .
you place the opener on the can and turn .
i expected better from such an expensive glove .
package arrived on time and in great shape .
i stopped using it and skin cleared up .
i wo n't be feeding this to my dog .
has a nice tip easily glides to use swype .
i also use this rack for cooling cookies .
once i was done , i was very impressed .
there are two velveeta pasta and cheese dinners .
they look great and roll easily on the rod .
i doubt i will ever buy another brand .
nice clippers but these things are way too sharp .
the consistency actually kind of irks me out .
i used it for the first time last night .
this scrubs oily dishes without getting super oily itself .
do n't waste your money buy the wheel chocks .
take slicer and start twisting down into the pineapple .
miraculously , the grinding bowl came free with ease .
so much more useful than the thin metal tongs .
in the garden it also has tons of uses .
the sound quality in the car is great .
good if you are working with small quantities .
i have used maybelline products for a while now .
you pretty much get what you paid for .
envisioned a powerful hate letter addressed to hasbro .
the shampoo and conditioner left it feeling dry .
i find this grill just as easy to use .
there is a dynamic range for all frequencies .
this is what i replaced the case with .
from plug in to make 6 cups of coffee .
it 's almost like the picture just melts off .
i am a huge fan of cast iron .
the first batch had a lot of old maids .
the bad news about this lotion is it reeks .
the paper fell apart and becomes saturated with water .
this has that as well and works very well .
none of them seem to work for me .
not sure about the long run functionality of it .
probably should buy two of these to avoid that .
she has relayed to me they all worked flawlessly .
than i let it sit while i am eating .
it also looks a little different than the picture .
the reader constantly locks up the entire computer .
works absolutely perfectly for a fraction of the cost .
basic hands free but great price and great product .
i also plan on contacting duralex as others have .
also it is not a very substantial piece .
i got this in a standard letter envelope .
plugs on wall or into an extension cord .
please avoid the titan for your own sanity .
for this reason i love the tangle teaser .
the engine basically only works on brand new batteries .
this is actually 2 reviews in one spot .
the tail was the icing on the cake .
it is so loud it will wake anyone sleeping .
the sizing leaves a lot to be desired .
i bought this for my son to use .
this is my second kitchenaid immersion hand blender .
you will feel the suction pulling the lid tight .
but still overall the best i have used .
but keeping your knives sharp can be a challenge .
probably one of the best purchases i ever made .
purchased as a back up just in case .
for this reason i had to stop using it .
recommended unless you want a really pretty looking one .
all i have is junk to show for it .
aside from that it is a good price .
i have 2 dogs , they love ham bones .
they appear to by much fancier than they are .
i ended up purchasing this one over other skins .
several people have this issue on the motorola forums .
the blue light is very pleasant for night drives .
it probably is a good catfish or saltwater reel .
i have many items from this fiesta line .
might not be large enough for big households .
filling is very easy.i definitely like this item .
free shipping with amazon prime ca n't be beat .
could not adjust the position of the dot .
it 's around 7 times faster than my nokia .
it fits several slices of bacon really well .
i never realized how much difference good knives made .
looked all over the city for something like this .
after doing research i decided to get this item .
it gets dirty and it is not fingerprint proof .
make sure to use two hands when holding .
helps make the pizza crust nice and crunchy ! .
it really seemed to retain very little grease .
what can i say other than buyer beware .
the blue ant s-4 is the final solution .
it comes in real handy for poached eggs etc .
you guessed it - the auto-off timer started over .
twenty years ago , the cuisinart brand was reputable .
much easier/cleaner than reusing the metal canning tops .
i 'll just have my kid use mine instead .
everything you need is not in the box ! .
i have n't had any problems with them smoking .
i have been using the real dermablend for years .
do not waste your money on this item .
than the avon peel pads could ever imagine being .
easy , if you happen to have 3 arms .
not a lot of risk for for the money .
combat is awkward too due to the camera angles .
it worked until i threw it away by accident .
unless these things happen you can not leave rivendel .
magically , the ball would throw to first though .
i have no complaints about this battery at all .
amazon does have better prices than the local stores .
i really like how this type of pan cooks .
they 're also cheaper and well worth the money .
i bought this blender to mix my protein shakes .
these are not bad for the price at all .
so far i have found no bad features .
not sure if broken or not doing it right .
it was the same with the gratiae eye cream .
this grinder works really well on coffee and spices .
these really disappointed me and are being sent back .
healing time was always less than 24 hours .
i unplugged it and let it cool off .
lastly , the applicator is extremely awkward to use .
recommend this item for anyone who bakes routinely .
it is just too small for normal tasks .
it is very easy to put on the phone .
it is compact and fits discretely on the visor .
they are strong solid and resiliant plastic clips .
i like that it has 3 different compartments .
it fits perfectly on our lodge 12 inch skillet .
i bought a refurbished rumba about three months ago .
i received my reconditioned waring juice extractor today .
i thought this will the same just different size .
this year we received the sugar and creamer set .
a very solid piece that wont tip over .
i thought these would be a perfect solution .
the other two are starting to pull very bad .
makes it more tangible and tough to the touch .
the cast iron is super-efficient and an energy saver .
the flaws arise in the leaky reservoir and fittings .
you can email me and thank me later .
i crashed after sliding out on a fast curve .
first of all the cooking area is big .
the hair actually becomes wavy from the heat/moisture combination.2 .
what is there to lose at this price ? .
some reviewers say the lid is too thin .
this case works great with an iphone 4 .
very easy to setup and pair phones with .
it makes perfect french fries and sliced onion rings .
oxo products never disappoint and this was no exception .
i accidently picked the wrong product will return .
these pens work very well with my kindle touch .
talking on this was very crisp and clear .
that does n't work so well with this scoop .
toss the coffee because it will taste funny .
it was a wise investment and worth every penny .
sometimes i 'll also sprinkle on nuts or berries .
the quality is exactly as five-star reviewers have described .
the pampered chef press is made of aluminum .
will buy again when i fill this one up .
and the anker will actually charge the thing .
you will be very pleased with this tool .
it was completely drained in 1.5 hours of charging .
this case is not user friendly @ all .
this game is a thrown together , repetitive mess .
that is why five in a pack is great .
my other gripe is the stamping of the metal .
this little vac can be hidden away very easily .
was given one of these by a friend .
the body partially converts ala to epa and dha .
i have three of these for my pantry .
i have seen other reviews describing this same problem .
i figured it was just a freak incident .
this must be a refined taste or something .
i think it works really well for measuring .
the popper lid snaps off for clean up .
insert your knives as instructed to avoid bouncing .
it cooks wonderfully and is easy to clean .
get so many compliments on it all the time .
i love those for casual wear on warm days .
pancakes will brown evenly and fish sautes nicely .
the cuffs dig into my ankles causing major discomfort .
these are not at all what i expected .
i would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone .
this was a waste of time and money .
i was overall quite happy with this mount .
these fit true to size around the waist .
the 710 always had reliable sound and connectivity .
i gave it to one of my secretaries .
i have given this pan as a gift too .
they almost look like they 're stretching sometimes almost .
the update speed of this camera is horrible .
holds up to heat and is easy to clean .
high quality tumblers that are attractive and durable .
you may find this to be your miracle product .
there are two reasons to buy a kichenaid .
try it ! hopefully it works out for you .
for cheap cutting boards , i love this material .
so i ordered the coated ones for this machine .
if you have a bathtub , you need this .
these are pretty good quality and easy to assemble .
some obvioiusly do and i 'm sorry for that .
my son received this at 18 months old .
i wish it came with a husband zapper .
i prefer great quality at an inexpensive price .
after installation , the screen looks relatively the same .
i ended up not using the pedals at all .
it goes about 45 hours without recharging though .
the technology and rough kids play do not mix .
great filter for the honeywell room air filtration system .
it was easy to use , from the start .
people were always asking me to speak up .
dog is not interested in it at all .
i have had this unit for over a year .
i love how it stands up in the cupboard .
this thing spent more time off than on .
phone would n't fit with any kind of case .
needless to say i was n't happy about it .
the controls are hard to get used to .
a grater works well but so does this device .
seems to be a good value for the money .
maybe if you 're putting on a kmart nobby .
i 've already paid for one round of repairs .
if things get worse discontinue and try another product .
my husband and i like things that last .
i highly recommend them , especially at this price .
you save money not buying bags of microwave popcorn .
replaced my lost plantronics unit , overall very happy .
this is perfect for my granddaughters new iphone .
some complain it being a tad too bulky looking .
i do n't leave with my family or friends .
i use this brush on all my fresh vegetables .
would like to remove the one star review .
these things work great and look even better .
easy to stack , microwave safe and dishwasher safe .
i 've been using this product for a while .
instead , they appear pale and not particularly creamy .
now i can plan all sorts of dinners ! .
many things run in the background that must run .
they fit right , help keep the screen protected .
i bought this for my 4 year old .
it came quickly and works like a charm .
i will never again buy anything made by hunter .
operation of unit best in middle of room .
it sucks so much it deserves caps lock complaints .
that 's not what this kit is at all .
the d-link make for a great night light .
i even passed it on to my gf .
i did n't delve in it for too long .
ive read some reviews of difficulty installing this product .
i was excited to get these in the mail .
i am happy with this frier right now .
i have three now and am buying another .
they keep away the freezer burn which is awesome .
there is a low buzz in the ear .
they preferred the older snoozzy beds for some reason .
i was shocked at the residue that came out .
i make a lot of broths and gravies .
what a great concept with a crummy execution .
i uploaded a photo to the customer images section .
and only this phone was in new condition .
color is vibrant and actually is somewhat ombre .
nice and sturdy and a comfortable grip on them .
i am disappointed in kong for allowing this toy .
nevertheless it was nothing like i saw here .
the plastic is very think in this area .
this item is very high quality and well made .
this is absolutely the best coffee i have tasted .
i used this along with another olay product .
love the big spout for potatoes and stuff .
window does not properly line up with screen .
it also does not last on your face .
it is a bit too hot for onion rings .
too bad it 's too late to return it .
it is not returnable as i later found out .
out of the box , it is too bright .
i highly recommend this product from novice to pro .
they eat some of it but leave the edges .
green is firmer but not as tasty as red .
i would spend more money for a better brush .
i wo n't be buying this brand ever again .
i will no longer buy gun patches from hoppes .
the next time my metal spoons were rusted .
my chest was so pointy it looked sharp .
by far the best headset i have ever used .
i 'm 44 with expression lines in my forehead .
i saw these fenders at the local bike store .
i just replaced my phone with another rezound .
i usually go to large hook and small gel .
my baby did n't even want to touch it .
just have to be careful when handling it .
great priced and a great buy for sure .
it works well for tea bags or tea leaves .
( my containers are not made of cheap materials .
i do not think it deserves 5 stars .
and they actually lasted longer than i thought .
chicken is so easy and fast in the cooker .
it 's also easy to take apart and clean .
i use this brand of scoop in other sizes .
only one had a label and i bought it .
they work great and do what they should .
i will buy another pair of them for sure .
this product works well and i would recommend it .
sometime taking picture , it show a blank picture .
i just like t for the silliness factor .
this little hand mixer does the job just fine .
perhaps it has helped others , but not me .
i ordered this for my son 's 6th birthday .
this product is invaluable for keeping chips fresh .
will be trying a silicone one in the future .
it can not be disassembled without destroying it .
i returned it and do not recommend it .
i happen to own a linksys cable modem .
the f5914 takes a few minutes to assemble .
for music i use an audiophile wired headset .
it has lots of uses to prevent boredom .
it comfortably slides into your pocket and easily removed .
it lasted about 6 years with no troubles .
it is too small for kids under 5 .
i bought this because i have an 80lb weimeraner .
having an additional battery source comes in pretty handy .
you 'll pass this one on to your grandchildren .
it would likely need to be cleaned out periodically .
the pros are that the stand works well .
lesson learned-do not loose original that comes with it .
its uncomfortable and the velcro does not last .
works great at protecting the phone from scratches .
remember to close all doors and windows first .
so far he has only one area rug .
good product not your typical department store flimsy item .
they are simply telling it like it is .
this is a simple idea and easy to use .
what a difference a better coffee pot makes .
the honeywell continues its good work at home .
so i am looking at 480 sq feet .
i ca n't emphasize enough how sharp it is .
was unusable only after a couple of months .
i used this product for about 7 months .
especially if you make lasagnas that need to travel .
thanks oh also received in a timely fashion .
it may be worth a try for you .
i can only attribute this to the stone .
amazon has the correct info that recording is mono .
i have the stainless steel uplift and love it .
they feel like a diaper and rather uncomfortable .
the one we did was a robotic dog .
but there is just too much pepper in these .
not sure why but would not purchase again .
this was our first piece of cast iron cookware .
my only gripe is the sizing of the pockets .
chicken with stuffing comes out like you spent hours .
the handle makes it easy to hold on to .
gel feels good and comfortable grip in your hand .
this game did not engage me at all .
i thought that it was a good deal .
stays hot enough to have several cups hot .
this is a great price for a otterbox .
solidly built and cleans up nicely in the dishwasher .
very good price for the quality of the product .
this one is not one of my favorites .
i hope customer service is good about this .
all supposed to go away in a few days .
but well worth 5 stars for the price .
secondly i was using my emergency inhalers too much .
they are large and very easy to handle .
this item here is a waster of money .
loved it and went through it very rapidly .
we really like the wide top and manageable depth .
hopefully it will last for 40+ years as well .
good thing i also included usb charger units .
now i have weighed down hair that is frizzy .
smooth moves is the first title i actually bought .
i ordered two and both were the same .
they are big and heavy but not too heavy .
i just could n't get it clean & fresh .
only supporte 128 meg cards - not 256 .
my elderly mother ca n't manage the heavy bottles .
cuts hard and softer cheeses easily and straight .
i use them for everything even scrambled eggs .
until one day when i had a tuna lunchable .
another thing i like is the purple color lids .
i would recommend anyone to buy this product .
ca n't beat that - especially for this price .
i guess i will stick to the patches .
this is my second food processor model from kitchenaid .
i usually do n't like to leave bad reviews .
but at night u need a well lite area .
xtek4u did a nice job on this one .
mix the oil with veggies to cover them well .
the teams you go up against are superstars .
still , it was fully charged within an hour .
they are filthy vermin and not at all cute .
it looks more durable than my old rubber rings .
very effective at getting dough off the cutting board .
so i stuck it out and put it on .
you really ca n't go wrong for this price .
there are a lot of iphone cases out there .
needs pressing buttons and holding up to usb drive.5 .
the entire plastic form wets through and leaks .
if i could give it 10 stars i would .
i expect a better quality product than that .
in my opinon computer electronics has destroyed the country .
i happen to like several of their supplements .
i always recommend them to my friends and family .
i will never , never use this product again .
i do not put them in the dishwasher .
it worth the price and its a throw back .
but i have no complaints about it at all .
for the money this is a great product .
not sure if i would give this another chance .
it is the only one that developed black mold .
perfect size for meal preparations for just a couple .
i used it when my hair was dry .
but i think they need to change their description .
the older design was square and fit perfectly .
i 've searched around and tried several different protectors .
my curls did not turn out good at all .
work great and i needed a car phone charger .
takes the work out of chopping and slicing.be careful .
love the case that came with the package .
i probably should of ordered a more coarse one .
i have used it for baking bread , too .
i bought several for some of our business operations .
place it in the freezer and close the door .
many of the gliders were missing pieces or mismatched .
did nothing to control the sugar ants in florida .
one just fell apart while as a christmas party .
i 've never had one of these to fail .
will update later on after having tried them .
everything worked and i think the price was right .
it gets sufficiently loud and sounds good and clear .
the second time i screwed up the camera .
this one should fit just about any sink .
this product is a pure piece of junk ! .
the african shea oil was not what i expected .
but for the price it is very good .
blue light is specially disruptive on the circadian cycle .
it keeps the dust off of my cuisinart goodies .
at first i only had occassional connectivity problems .
it is small and the picture is deceiving .
plenty of people seem to like this shaving oil .
this is the last time lucasarts steals my money .
but for me the breville takes less time .
goes through the dishwasher without staining or spotting .
also make salads that the dressing requires egg yokes .
dry with relatively no coverage on its ' own .
piece of junk even though it cost almost nothing .
they want a very high price for there battery .
you will be very very happy with this purchase .
item was shipped fast and in perfect condition .
i own a lot of 36 x 34 pants .
a large suction cup holds it firmly in place .
you can play all day long with recipes .
caution : percolated coffee is much hotter than drip .
i kept the holster because it fits my gun .
i used to buy these all the time .
the back lining is absorbant so no worries .
the pink and chrome detail are very elegant looking .
bumped my review up to 4 out of 5 .
the case also covers up the apple symbol .
until they come up with a cure for vanity .
just downright sad and pathetic.this is just shameful .
instead he 'd get hyper-aroused and grab the leash .
enter oxo with their good grips medium cookie scoop .
the one gripe i have is the battery life .
iphones do n't do much more than host/open apps .
low price on the product plus free shipping .
the outside is all enclosed and easy to clean .
once you start washing it though , expect trouble .
hooked it with no prob , same as before .
solid , well balanced and does the job easily .
it also severely reduced sharpness , making crops useless .
it looks caked on and does not last .
we tried to fix but it was not happening .
nothing like a good solid glass measuring cup .
the sound is crisp , even on direct connect .
my son got this for christmas last year .
i suggest to download it after you install daikatana .
these were pretty sturdy and did not look ugly .
definitely worth the money i paid for it .
i returned this product before i used it .
it is perfect for my omelet each morning .
xl is usually roomy for me and very comfortable .
i will contact amazon and update my review .
it did a great job w/ all of them .
the scratches may be on the back side .
after i write this review i 'm buying another .
so far this one stays on really well .
this is my second touch free trash can .
i have one of these and three 50250 's .
very hard to find ! finally i found these .
this is a wonderful mouse in so many aspects .
high quality and very good design for ears .
easily washed or thrown into the dishwasher for cleaning .
now excuse me while i go play nba 2k3 .
amazon did refund the entire cost of order .
ordered this because my cookie scoop is terrible .
this works really well for crab legs night .
it smells like laundry detergent and cheap bar soap .
fell apart after about 1 month of usage .
i thought these would have been more comfortable .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
also , this price from amazon was the best .
it fell a total of 6-12 inches max .
i doubt these will be lasting very long .
have a great dane/ black lab who terrorizes everything .
i purchased it as a valentine 's day gift .
bought this and found it didnt grab so good .
this is super thick - like conditioner or lotion .
easy cleanup and this is a quality pan .
just be careful taking it on and off .
i have always used zagg products int eh past .
fiesta has always been a favorite in our family .
i definitely prefer to buy cardboard over plastic .
the camera flap is too tightly secure 2 .
this prevents a dangerous explosion of a loose lid .
just skip all the others and get this one .
my cuisinart rice cooker gets the job done .
i am shocked at how horrible these panties are .
i was researching vacs and came across this .
seems like it can be broken off easily .
most of the third party games are really weak .
he said try some other cable and ports .
gon na activate it when my wife gets home .
she loves it as much as i love mine .
highly recommend the wusthof classic line of cutlery .
i have no regret to have bought this case .
dosage is 4 pills - 4 times a day .
maybe i got a bad batch or something .
this is the best filter i have ever used .
i have thick hair just below my shoulders .
i can freeze the extra for future use ! .
i purchased this for my desk at work .
so i bought this just for that task .
the blue botton is the worst idea yet .
it 's more a shade a muted clay mudd .
i saw no results from using this product .
they retain heat better than my previous pan .
have been very happy with all of them .
the mic works perfectly - everyone hears me clearly .
you can not use any case *with* this mount .
this is a good size for a smaller family .
ah but you can play as a legend .
love it love it - easy to use .
i would recommend this grinder for coffee beans .
we were not jumping for joy but fleas were .
this is a great bumper despite being so cheap .
i called back and got the run around again .
they responded promptly to send the correct filters .
i was particularly interested with hops in the treatment .
most after 20 plus years were long gone .
this is an outstanding product for long-term use .
on the plus side the texture is nice .
it works without any problems with my iphone 4 .
i purchase this grill due to the high reviews .
but i had a problem with buttons falling off .
i would n't hesitate to buy more of these .
the timer has to tick through to the end .
and a comfortable handle , even for man-sized hands .
most people will have a hard time with this .
it is not beautiful , nor a good example .
wife has had this in her iphone for awhile .
i was n't a big fan of this bar .
for a hartz product , these pads are disappointing .
also , they heat up while in the phone .
very happy that i switched and purchased this product .
this is much better than my older oven thermometer .
and night lights and all sorts of other tricks .
do not take the heading of this item seriously .
so sad because they are so darn cute ! .
when i want homemade i want it on impulse .
love the color selection and great price on amazon .
it is nowhere near super mario kart 64 .
they charge as fast as other chargers i own .
these are great for cupcakes and small designs .
i bought this for all the amazing reviews .
the micro usb port stopped working way too soon .
these go on very easy and work perfectly .
i love how these things fit together for storage .
way too huge to provide any firm support .
i avoid oxybenzone which apparently disrupts human hormonal system,8 .
for that alone , it deserves all five stars .
i am using this one on the counter top .
i took it back and got another one .
great for climbing around under houses upside down .
gets two starts cause i still love cold steel .
i should have returned it to amazon as damaged .
i too read the reviews on this product .
but this product works exactly as its supposed to .
inserts almost flush with the cig lighter recepticle .
i used this case for about six months .
some people have complained about problems maintaining connection .
since that is the way i made them before .
the excess cornmeal got very dark brown and smoked .
passing it to my neighbors and ordering one larger .
with this case you can always see it ! .
no burnt food on it , just hot water .
95 tiny pieces that when assembled make office furniture .
my kids continued to refuse to eat it .
any available units are probably old overstocked items .
tried one more time a couple weeks ago .
i have had this item for about a year .
i was excited to try out my new skillet .
looks like i 'll be waiting for a crovel .
i think the thorlo brand is vastly overrated .
this does the job and leaves no scars ! .
these have to be very thin walls indeed .
this pan will last a you a long time .
i could not wait to get these shoes off .
this is my favorite brand of daily use glasses .
i like smooth coffee with a deep rich flavor .
this game collection of sonic is not that fun .
maybe it was raining heavily and it malfunctioned .
delivery was quick and the items were securely packaged .
cuts cheese perfectly and my wife was pleasantly surprised .
my phone is now proyected and safe from damages .
these are not the only shoes that i wear .
i intended to use them as party favors .
my son received this for his first birthday .
some don't.it 's all about what works for you .
it seems to interfere with stereo bluetooth a bit .
my kids loved this toy for about 2 days .
this size is most efficient for large birds .
luckily i had my benchmade to cut the steak .
14 calories from fat and 4 calories from protein .
it is of real good quality - impressive .
the electrical portion of it did n't work anymore .
for the price , these are a great value .
if they do i will revise my review .
as to the return , amazon has been wonderful .
this food is not a hit at all .
it was diagnosed by a dermatologist earlier this year .
in the large kittle has a large lid .
you can get a head start using the spinner .
amazon promptly credited us and provided a return label .
i use this exclusively as a spice grinder .
we have been using this product for so long .
the tropical scenery creates an overall impressive atmosphere .
the motion pictures were like a tv broadcast .
great concept and my son loved the dig aspect .
my mistake was the height of the pan .
the plastic bearing caps are not sealed either .
i get asked about it all the time .
the large pocket on the side is handy .
this is an excellent phone in every way .
my daughter was 4 and she is now 23 .
i dropped mine and instantly kill the drive inside .
i bought this flat iron because the price .
it definitely is easy to find in a room .
i like that it has two water containers .
i lived without one for a few months .
i will also be sending this one back .
so i decided to purchase an external batter pack .
there is little to say about a can opener .
it does not go smoothly over the skin .
this is a huge space saver in the freezer .
do the research and find the real thing .
i wasnt too far into the game though .
i think the week wait was a little much .
would i give it as a gift ? yes .
this is one of my favorite little products .
these lids are dishwasher safe and seal tight .
it is almost indistinguishable from a wired headset .
the bacon maker got grease all over the microwave .
spend your money on a better delphi unit .
it 's pretty easy to put the phone in .
first time i 've ever used one of these .
which brings me to another point : loading screens .
it is simple and looks good on counter .
this is a large platter- larger than i expected .
never spills and always hot and wonderful flavor .
the stepped burrs are good as well as bad .
this game fails to entertain on any level .
i should have stuck with one that worked .
i got this can opener as a gift .
it comes with little directions just in case .
if i could give it 6 stars i would .
do your self a favor and skip it .
kind of bitter and has slight overtone of cardboard .
getting one is simply an experience in itself .
there was no problem getting another one shipped out .
plus , it is not very comfortable to hold .
my sister sent me a text and i replied .
this sort of thing happens all the time .
not someting i would expect from an led .
it does not grind very well at all .
it only has an analog stereo headphones out .
this warmer does not shut it 's self off .
the comb scratches my scalp and yanks my hair .
this happened with 2 fans of this design .
i will never use it again waste of money .
i am extremely dissatisfied and disappointed with this crap .
it work great and is easy to use .
yuck ! i had to discard the whole bag .
i can hold the phone vertically or landscape .
i am adjusting my rating , this sink stinks .
overall i am pretty happy with the timer .
my droid bionic did not reconize the battery .
they now seem heavy and clumsy in my hand .
this is the best toaster i have ever owned .
do not be fooled by the low price .
when it came it was not packaged well .
this is the perfect fit manufacturer replacement belt .
this rifle was a lesson in frustration for me .
pesto stays bright green and fresh for days .
i use this to hold my homemade laundry detergent .
i can at least get a grip on them .
i want my moola back on this one .
it can be held with one hand without warping .
it made the radio from bad to unusable .
another flaw is the laughable and hideous voice acting .
it 's about a fifty - sixty hour game .
the motor would get stuck and stop turning .
it played for a few minutes and again stopped .
the difference is this is stamped , not forged .
chain guide bends when the chain is tightened .
the timer is a pain to use as well .
i am not sure how i lost my others .
it worked great and made great tasting popcorn .
all you have to to is clear the cache .
bought a bsa and have not had trouble .
republic wireless solved this problem over two years ago .
these socks say they fit mens shoe sizes 6-12.5 .
and cutting dough for noodles or pie dough .
i always hand wash it , never the dishwasher .
it worked just fine for her and for me .
does not work as good as nintendo brand .
hard to believe namco unleashed this garbage on us .
cetaphil is known for being free of harsh detergents .
i use these for basic cooking and baking .
installations did not go as the instructions dictated .
i found it only adequate in a quiet room .
but anyway , it works ok on the playback .
my hound dog loves to play with stuffed animals .
the bormioli rocco kufra jug does just that .
sad part is recently upgraded to an iphone 5 .
i put it back on and tried again .
this little gizmo made canning a cinch this year .
this black and decker does none of that .
i would say that is the biggest drawback .
it works as amazingly as every one says .
i just got these and they are great .
you cant beat this product for the price .
too bad really because they looked perfect online .
saves a lot of energy and cooks quickly .
quality control is an issue for this overpriced attachment .
i will keep mine out of oven , too .
for gps and map apps it is very convenient .
i might as well donate it to my rescue .
it was everywhere on my clothes in the dryer .
i got a a dark mint almost grey blue .
then i inserted the sim and removed the film .
might be good for just hand held use .
it is not even playing on the same league .
the polish is clumpy and the brush is stiff .
the screen constantly flickered and had lines throughout .
that was n't the case the next several uses .
i was able to assemble this product without difficulty .
this gel case seems sturdier that the other .
playing them in another machine resulted in clear playback .
we bought this just before we got a bird .
my le creuset spatula is useless with this recipe .
i ordered this item and absolutely love it .
succumbing to corporate greed and putting profit before quality .
then i thought something was wrong with my car .
give walden farms credit for making a no-carb sauce .
this is not a good product at any price .
i made a chocolate flan cake with caramel topping .
these are 100 % not organic and taste horrible .
it is like the one in the hampton inn .
this game is a wast of time and effort .
i had to refill it about 5 times .
this is great slicer for small blocks only .
all in all well worth the moneygood luck .
i bought this because it was cheap and small .
the handle is nice and fat without being cumbersome .
but as i said i am keeping them anyway .
worked fine till i disconnected for the first time .
it holds the phone very securely and no shaking .
of the 12 cans , only 2 arrived undamaged .
i buy everything and anything that cooks illustrated recommends .
they are useless and a waste of money .
so far it holds a charge and works great .
the bottom two containers usually stay super hot .
it is great for fine positioning of the camera .
wish i could send it back for a refund .
so i 'm giving this supplier a 1 star .
the sizes are perfect for all types of cooking .
i use it about every day for something .
box has been sitting there now for 6 weeks .
dish is great but description is all wrong .
but low reliability makes this an expenisive option .
the color is perfect and they dispense perfectly .
it stayed at the 66 degree reading all night .
i thought it was stiff like a ruler .
this is a great product for the money .
the lid is great and so far no leaks .
these bags work great but are a little pricey .
the blender container is made of sturdy glass .
they are very nice for otherwise messey informal food .
i purchased this for my new evo 3d recently .
no need to put the juicer through the dishwasher .
i just bought this about a week ago .
this is a perfect pot rack for my kitchen .
lids are easy to get on and off .
none of them sounded as good as mdr-v500dj .
that i lived is owing to my toughness .
it has so many irritating ingredients in it .
makes no difference that i am the artist .
first , it needs to be rugged and durable .
these glasses are the solution to that problem .
i can shred 5 lb of carrots in minutes .
very good audio quality reported on the far end.4 .
it is a great deal for a great product .
the sales guy said it was the plantronics 510 .
i notice a difference but nothing earth shattering .
my mom has always been a classic blackberry lover .
foot bed is not cork ; not as comfortable .
laying it face-down , the screen does not touch .
received the sim card in about four days .
my signal strength went from 86-88 to 87-89 .
even the graphics engine is still the same .
dont waste your money and time buying this game .
according to the mfg these should last 3-5 years .
i for one am not one of these people .
i did not like the reliability of this heater .
a perfect fit for my kitchenaid 9-speed hand mixer .
if anyone has any suggestions please let me know .
the connector tore while trying to install this .
those take a commercial unit that mounts overhead .
it was called mystery motion , not undercover mouse .
also , note that 3-conductor is for stereo headsets .
now i 'm grating stuff just because i can .
these screen protectors do not allow any scratches .
i thought it was just the power plug .
i have a blackberry storm that this works with .
i was once in love with this cleansing oil .
it looks like one wash would destroy it .
i do believe that the business messed up here .
i wont bore you with all the scientific evidence .
the battery itself and case had a htc label .
i bought this for my brother 's htc phone .
i 've had this coffeemaker for about 3 weeks .
i love keen shoes and own several pair .
this is the best fondue pot ive ever owned .
i will wear these until they wear out .
the plastic material at the ankle rubbed him raw .
always clean the gasket and operating valve after use .
first of all the charger works very well .
it apparently has some kind of artificial sweetener now .
i used hot water and mixed up the drink .
it seems to be a problem with the game .
drawings you can copy are not very detailed .
i would stick with eneloops or the amazon basics .
my cats had little to no interest in it .
they look great together.the problem is with making smoothies .
the glass is thin as is the chrome holder .
with this price it is well worth it .
this product works perfectly for the purpose advertised .
i used it but learn from my experience .
i had been cutting circles from parchment paper .
this little coffee maker is getting hard to find .
i could n't catch the flies to buzz them .
insulin is the hormone that controls fat storage .
it is actually a different plant than cinnamon .
it will save you a lot of headache .
it has really came in handy a few times .
it is easy to use & works very well .
these sweetpotatoes chips are okay and taste okay .
you can unscrew it and remove the handle .
the outside is stainless steel with a mirror finish .
just bashing a bunch of heads over and over .
i will try my hand at making bread soon .
it has been an awful experience using this litter .
i was looking forward to using this product .
this product did n't really help me at all .
it operates quietly and can handle the stiffest dough .
i also used it for cooking takoyaki balls .
it is not an ipad or a jet ski .
it holds more than i thought it would .
i was disappointed by the smell of this oil .
it probably works great for it 's intended purpose .
it 's always worth the wait and the expense .
this is heavier duty than my old one .
it has caller id and microphone mute built in .
create mario games either the super mario bros .
this should have been noted in the advertisment .
but it was n't the first thing she mentioned .
its easy to clean up and to handle .
i use it to make bread and pizza .
im starting to think jawbone is the better buy .
cleans well and the cleaning brush is just perfect .
i have read other reviews that voice this issue .
the screen was scratched and the latch was cracked .
it 's not a knock off or an imitation .
i can cook just about anything with these .
i spill screws when doing picture framing jobs .
it is not for the frail and weak .
these wash well in the dishwasher and stack well .
i just placed and order for 2 more sets .
oxo makes fantastic products for all kitchen needs .
the kickstand not so easy to open at first .
went back to using trader joe olive oil spray .
discovery by the windows wireless manager fails a lot.2 .
i received this product after a long wait .
course is a good word to describe this item .
each time the results were tasteless and horrible .
it appears to be better than the original gasket .
you can find better phone software on the net .
the re-design of this game is just plain stupid .
the game is basically a series of battles .
even my mini schnauzer can tell the difference .
we tried this quite a few different ways .
it makes the game impossible and totally unfun .
i gave this as a gift to a friend .
they would not even stretch under my car seat .
it is wonderful for stirring sauces and draining liquids .
i have purchased several of these over the years .
both devices can be connected at the same time .
my hair felt stripped liked i shampooed it again .
brewer 's yeast are high on selenium as well .
i was personally quite disappointed with this oil .
do research before you buy any card this price .
one website also mentioned that animals are not toys .
used it for deep frying chicken wings last night .
i feel my feet ache with every step .
after you put it together it falls apart .
one of them is in my 2013 lexus es350 .
this thing broke after firing it about 20 times .
my phone is connected to the car 's bluetooth .
much better than sot , which got old quickly .
i received the daisy 953 targetpro from amazon today .
and maybe plant some ferns in my old pots .
but this is fine for two or three people .
very easy to clean with light soap water .
it satisfies my craving and is better for me .
this is a great accessory for your espresso machine .
and narrowly avoided cursing at least 8 times .
great measuring cup-more like measuring bowl- good and solid .
we bought this to sit on our counter permanently .
it occupies very little space in my shelf .
i was concerned about perking in aluminum though .
i have allergies but not the indoor type .
the container is basic and simple to clean .
did n't like that it died in 5 months .
also the 2nd working one is now dead lol .
i really like these storage sets by pyrex .
if there was music i tuned it out .
construction feels flimsy but will likely hold up .
nice slippery surface for your finger to glide on .
if you want a real multitool buy a leatherman .
unless you want to be rather unhappy with results .
they are huge , look very out of place .
clear as crystal and round as round can be .
this the 2nd time i have bought some .
especially because it interacts with so many other medications .
this shirt will clearly have to be ironed however .
i bought a new kitchen cart with small drawers .
so far this garlic press looks brand new .
farberware 18/10 stainless steel cookware is a good line .
looks like it should last longer than i will .
the advertisment for this dvd on amazon was incorrect .
i have not yet tried the other two .
see my update at the end of this review .
moved all the furniture and put it together .
you have to get a mousepad with textured colors .
so i am praying it never gives out .
hotimport toys would not do anything for me .
these products were in perfect condition and worked perfectly .
these shoes ran small , and i returned them .
one star off for vacuum not being stronger .
from the ss bowl to the plastic bowl shield .
i was so excited to get these vegan soups .
i put it in my phone and started charging .
my son loves this case as do i .
this device does both of those actions quickly .
it works with all my other equipment also .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
this product was not worth the money or aggravation .
this little appliance is indispensable in my kitchen .
but it works exactly as the original version .
this product i 'm reviewing is way over priced .
an excellent toaster oven at a very attractive price .
thats not often the case with these type openers .
for extreme protection get the trident kraken series .
to me vita coco tastes like sugar water .
i was extremely disappointed because this product was pricey .
the tubing is flimsy and of poor quality plastic .
this is a very sturdy and nice palm brush .
i get weak in the knees for all-clad .
this thing squeezes lemons and limes really well .
it is very very very bad cause sickness .
this unit boosts all 3g and verizon 4g .
i only used 2 trays to dry some apples .
it runs slightly small in the band size .
wait until the water goes down and repeat .
i have played this game and never beaten it .
she refused to even attempt at chewing it .
i like that the parts are all dishwasher safe .
the second is 50 % drained after an hour .
i could n't wear them out of the house .
looks like it came from a dollar store .
it can only hold regular sized hard covered books .
the picture shows them much bigger than they are .
she just stares at them and walks away .
to redial you push the little button twice .
works great and looks lovely on my counter .
on top of it started getting more acne .
lodge makes one and it is available on amazon .
it lasts me over a week without being charged .
bleah , we sent the vcr back to amazon .
so maybe i 'm not seeing what they are .
bought this to try making my own pasta .
im not sure if my particular one was defective .
i like that ; i prefer lattes over cappuccinos .
the overall quality of the cable is good .
it is incredible how much grease drips off bacon .
hello , this product did not meet my expectations .
i keep finding new uses for this grill .
but this one is all you really need .
these ones are even worse quality then most .
not the best instance of this kind of thing .
this instrument makes writing easier on the iphone .
phone snaps in tight and wallet is not bulky .
they are food safe and easy to cleaan .
i would not advise anybody to get this .
i noticed no difference in my energy level whatsoever .
purchased a second for a home up north .
the guidance on how to play is basically missing .
it just adds another charger to the collection .
it sticks well and serves its purpose as described .
it not educational or exciting and it 's annoying .
i will never get the cheap stylus again .
cleans easily by hand or in the dishwasher .
i just do n't know what to do anymore .
this is not durable like other kong toys are .
i did n't worry about my stuff slipping out .
it 's not a product i would buy again .
the clear plastic bowl looked hazy and scratched .
and the metal clip broke through the vinyl covering .
i found out about these in an odd way .
it works.some reviewers have had problems with splashing .
i am an avid farm of walden farms products .
this is exactly what i was looking for .
i love that it 's compact and cute color .
some people have said this product is too rigid .
cleaning this thing is 4/5 of the battle .
easy to apply and protect my screen & back .
i only wish it was a little bit larger .
instead it sits on top of your skin .
this product was not what i had expected .
maybe a 4yr old girl could wear it .
i wonder if anyone else has noticed this flaw .
they have a satisfying heft and a great grip .
i bought this for my daughter at 9 mos .
he loves it and it has kept a charge .
but other than that , it does work well .
it does not charge my device well at all .
i was just trying to get a consistent number .
found and bought one on ebay for $ 30 .
other than that , it is a good pan .
even bought several more for family and friends .
these fiesta 24 ounce bowls are my favorite .
the filling was too hard for them to reach .
it looks expensive , and like a quality headset .
i 'm much rather do this myself at home .
i find myself changing batteries all the time .
can i just say that this blender is awesome .
the only caveat is the provided screen protector .
takes the grime off root vegetables very easily .
i mostly toast long slices of sour dough bread .
however , this time i felt that i should .
and works great with my samsung galaxy s3 bluetooth .
save your money and get a usb light .
i have one in each of my commuter bags .
this is my third and fourth popcorn popper .
also , soft mats slip around way too much .
so , i bought this based on a review .
i will stick with mac pro long wear concealer .
wore a hole in the heel after 2 months .
completely satisfied with the e71 after 3 months .
even the anodized finish on the outside looks different .
the package arrived the day after i purchased it .
it 's not heavy or greasy and absorbs well .
it basically puts them in an addictive love trance .
she made many sauces and eggs and batters .
these stay in no matter what i 'm doing .
the pilot is lighted by a built-in sparker .
i think these knives would make excellent gifts .
this junk is horrible and it smells horrible too .
i chalked it up to a lesson learned .
however i losy my 1st set of dust covers .
this is a very good mobile device holder .
the item is shipped and delivered very quickly .
i purchased this as i love olay regineris .
this purchase was not worth it for my cat .
i have this case in four different colors .
some soy milk it might not work with .
i also own the winning eleven 9 soccer series .
check to be sure the jar is sealed .
i also wanted to use wep encryption as before .
be careful not to cover your front camera .
i refused to walk around with that mess .
i purchased these for biking and other activities .
the tea is still burn your mouth hot .
it seems like no one can do it right .
the camera lense is also very well protected .
easy to clean and built like a tank .
other items i have from them are great .
i will never buy any other ice cube tray .
it fits great in a pocket and very unobtrusive .
the milk stays fresh and pours very nicely .
i did remove the makeup but not completely .
which means no fussing to put the battery in .
it is well made and works as it should .
spreading it would disguise the shapes of the cakes .
compared to the s107 , this thing is unflyable .
i prefer to leave the peelings on my taters .
it is very durable and of good quality .
gives the feeling of durability to the phone .
it has gorilla screen which is scratch proof .
you simply clip the unit to your visor .
good quality and a good buy for the price .
this worked quite well and did exactly as promised .
it does its job , and works decently enough .
use your own oil without the nasty chemical propellants .
the last set of these lasted about 20 years .
so far i have no complaints with my roaster .
i 'm hoping black and decker use sturdier plastic .
another iphone accessory that i wasted money on .
a ) it takes up a lot of room .
either way they make for great single serve bowls .
that puts the computer in data 2 mode .
we bought our first microplane about four years ago .
the fit in the foot area is ample .
i purchased this can opener and i loved it .
for the price and for the three pens .
did n't even use a full tank of water .
we got our money 's worth on this one .
i threw it out after a couple of uses .
using the foodsaver bottle stoppers has changed that .
it was a gift for someone 's bridal shower .
if you are a tech junkie or not .
not so , i use it all the time .
i only have one complaint about this device .
did not grease pan , popovers popped right out .
wife wears this daily for the past nine months .
seriously disappointed with this brand and looking for alternatives .
returned for a medium which is about 41 inches .
this book was recommended by my cake decorating instructor .
coffee but needed some features that my mr .
only fault is that the bottom is quite rough .
i regret buying it because it is a waste .
i especially like the knob to hold on to .
i live in alabama and the weather was warm .
the game play was kinda slow but still good .
this sits on the front of the shelf .
i thought it was for the htc evo shift .
so rather than complain i found a replacement .
i have been dealing with chronic hemmorroids for years .
some like it hot : we like it hot .
pet bedding/pine shreds/dirt/dog hair , etc are easy pickups .
it all looks the same in the drawer .
i bought this at a black friday sale .
being a veteran technician this was n't a concern .
i feel like i 'm putting unscented moisturizer on .
i also store it in its original box .
this has the right angle and a good blade .
i 'm not really sure which pair i got .
no more cheap , non-stick cookie sheets for me .
however , it stopped working the last 2 summers .
either it was static or words were being dropped .
i love this iphone case quite a bit .
handle has a hole for easy hanging and storage .
the graphics are well drawn , but poorly animated .
i would love a lid for this skillet .
there is nothing listed under the carbohydrate section .
i bought the small version of this toy .
you wo n't find a better fan for less .
you will be very happy with this opener .
i see grams will be famous at that school .
there are two ways to use this utensil .
the head fell off bowser shortly after receiving same .
this equipment is obviously not a samsung product .
i may never have to buy another cutter .
the icarpus is the perfect stand for your device .
it was a waste of money for me .
the pen is comfortable to hold and use .
the menu system is aggravating as all get out .
i bought the drill , not the activity board .
it is enough to last a long time .
from past experience i was skeptical about this .
smell it in the store before you buy it .
the measuring cup is another great pyrex product .
here are some other points i would make:1 .
it works for god of war not for spider-man .
sent them back and was refunded by amazon .
found out that it is 10 years old .
the color did not look anything like the picture .
i found myself getting bored with it early on .
it 's a good deal for the reasonable price .
i love the timer part of this machine .
i bought this product to try out the brand .
for the money this is not a satisfactory product .
watch them closely , the small cookies burn easily .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
i stack these five high in my freezer .
the funnel helps me get started without spillage .
the legs are as flimsy as popsicle sticks .
product made me lose hair and smelled bad .
the problem is it keeps on slipping off .
i 'm so sad to not like this one .
my first bt headset was a motorola hs850 .
now the little man is painted/stenciled on in black .
my daughter disliked it and frankly so did i .
purchased this in conjunction with the extended battery .
this filter came with my hawkeye 5 gallon tank .
would have been great if the remote was wireless .
i love everything else about their new line .
that 's quite an accomplishment considering my poor eyesight .
i registered for these when i got married .
it is sold by few in bulk section .
i am a fan of the lodge products .
also , the design is really cool and transparent .
we eat rice 4 or 5 times a week .
these are great for serving butter with meals .
i wanted quality sound at a reasonable price .
i bought this and several other foodsaver containers .
not the best choice for a dog treat .
the all-american is so safe , and so simple .
these are nicer than i thought they would be .
this is a very nice little tea strainer .
you can use dried beans or even small pebbles .
coffee maker to try and stop using paper filters .
my was made by ust and not wagan .
the color of the cap is also cool .
she smiles and says the coffee is delicious .
can barely hear a thing with them on .
i bought mine for around $ 35 at target .
the price i got on this pan was incredible .
it works great for chopping onions or similar things .
this product did not work for my dog .
as i mentioned earlier , the game is huge .
there are many better canister stoves on the market .
i 've had this for over a year now .
i certainly will not give them to her .
makes one or less quart of good yogurt .
i thought it was going to last longer .
the business end delivers consistent grind size every time .
the smaller crosspoint screwdriver wo n't engage smaller screws .
too late to return unit with incurring shipping cost .
i think that this was an alright game .
everything becomes coated much easier in this bowl type .
then fold into that batter stiffly beaten egg whites .
was destroyed within about 20 minutes by my puppy .
during the session the smell manages to transform .
perfect for reheating the odd piece of pizza .
works wonderfully , very easy to use and flexible .
what a clever idea and it works really well .
wood is very good quality ash , not junk .
these are a bit whimsical but sturdy and durable .
i can make fresh yogurt all the time .
first of all this thing off gases something fierce .
every little movement can be heard rooms away .
this one is packaged as a single unit .
it was old and the blade surely dull .
i think it earns a solid 4 stars .
it 's basically a tear drop from a stud .
they felt more like cotton or knit even .
very sturdy brush makes cool water cleaning easy .
i am trying to get away from plastic containers .
save your money and find one that works .
a lot of things about replaytv really irked me .
they sat on my head or my desk always .
i hope by the morning i 'll be better .
for this price though what do you expect ? .
comfortable earpiece with a choice of 3 sizes .
the dial settings are from 1 to 6 .
on the plus side it is a good player .
for smaller items this is the bag to use .
these are really too small to do any good .
i have had coffee grinders that lasted 20 years .
not a big deal but sometimes mildly irritating .
i also play a lot of arcade games .
so bottom line is it never would work .
otherwise the sound quality and fit are great .
every part of the espresso maker is working wonderfully .
however , it was not new in new packaging .
this is my first galaxy s3 case i got .
small and portable and very easy to clean .
definitely noticed how it helps me sleep much deeper .
worked like a charm and protected my case .
the handles also not made for small hands .
i got chips after only a few hours .
the cinematic features of the game were not disappointing .
they told me to get a 8 inch skillet .
there is n't much to say about this product .
i got this as a gift for my niece .
i bought the one with the ivory handle .
them seem to be holding up just fine .
i thought graw would really set a new standard .
finally a good non stick pan.hopefully it will last .
there is one more thing you should know .
someone with larger ears may not have this issue .
the best sharpener i have found so far .
it is almost impossible to follow the correct paths .
this is the best knife that i own .
it keeps spaghetti from boiling over so quickly .
the taste of this soup cup became almost disgusting .
overall i think we purchased a bad phone .
had great reviews so i tried this item .
i had to then treat her for cuts .
after searching the web we decided on this one .
2 gb ram/7 gb hard drive free space.4 .
very oily , but not in that slippery way .
the seller was ahead of time on delivery .
it does the job and it is inexpensive .
i bought it to update my loose recipes .
save your money for a higher-end flat iron .
like the look and feel of the cover .
3c/4a coil curls.it has a pleasant , neutral scent .
it is well made and pours very nicely .
i really recommend everyone to get this product .
their thermometers are too slow and dont last .
i have to problems with this purchase whatsoever .
i now know why the price was so low .
i have it and plan to finish it .
i swear the triggers are sensitive to gravity .
i used to have the $ 100.00 toy one .
this cookbook holder makes me look smart and trendy .
but then maybe i 'm just a weird dude .
the rubberized portions of the case help prevent slipping .
you just ca n't go wrong with either one .
it 's basically like having a digital pocket notepad .
it is a good deal for the pack .
but do n't think i would keep that up .
i still steeped and added agave and tried it .
this pen is actually too fine for my liking .
i fond them more comfortable and easier to adjust .
dont listen to what anyone else tells you .
fits tight , not the quality that havaianas are .
i tried to cut shapes out of grilled cheese .
i like a little more slim and smooth .
hope this one lasts longer than my first .
you can de-glaze in the roaster and make gravy .
i bought this case for my verizon iphone 4s .
normally , i love frontline plus for my dog .
the next order went exactly the same way .
fits well and the usb port is a plus .
he even has sex with girls in some movies .
it is important to read the ingredients here .
the drawer rails are plastic and seem very weak .
unfortunately , i did not like these very much .
it works well with a wide variety of devices .
this new one is all of that and more .
this case is very comparable to the otterbox .
one for work and another for a back up .
i must agree with many of the other reviewers .
have tried my best to wear it out .
i believe they are also metric in sizes .
i think this set will come in very handy .
if i hold them in , it sounds amazing .
i would recommend using zymol 's leather creme conditioner .
on low , the pot is simply too hot .
however not all thick bottom works the same .
its small size also makes storage easy.great overall iron .
i recommend it for those looking for a cover .
dough hook really adds to usefulness of mixer .
: ( look elsewhere if you have my phone .
this has been used continuously for over 15 years .
got a 3 and 4 1/2 quart bowls .
that 's a pretty big error for oven cooking .
the delivery is fast and they have good packing .
the skillet arrives with a greyish black color .
but the most disappointing thing is the ai .
it far outlasts a new original equipment battery .
all in all this is a good fan .
this is a horrible horrible nerf gun model .
they are sloppy wide unless i put on socks .
frozen fruit is apparently hard to push around .
in the next week my phone again quit syncing .
this is not good for any android tablet .
i am planning on buying a second one .
i had to throw it away because of rash .
its very small and very comfortable to wear .
i have never had glasses that break like these .
every single one of the cans are dented .
i am not crazy about this item at all .
so i bought it without smelling it first .
installation is a five-second process on an lg dare .
they now refuse to drink from other bowls .
the volume control degraded the sound quality significantly .
nausea , diarrhea & headaches can also be experienced .
my only reservation is that it 's pretty short .
can store away without fussing with the cord .
rats , i should have got one for myself .
i cleaned it and re-seasoned it upon arrival .
putting on lotion or oil out of the shower .
also good for melted chocolate and other sticky things .
they are itchy at the end of the day .
it feels a little stronger than the other case .
i think this will take out most users.2 .
and it looks great on my kitchen counter .
swc line are fantastic skimmers i would recommend ! .
original electrolux - 5* quality product with no compromises .
i also use the usb port for other devices .
received the product fairly quickly and in good condition .
you get spots in pictures from it also .
small price to pay for fine stands , though .
neither of these devices were abused in any way .
it charges and the data connect works too .
there is almost no rise in these jeans .
this case is exactly what i was looking for .
i fixed this with a little guerrilla glue .
the 730 though has the worst range on earth .
my cats are not interested in this at all .
then you 'll be looking elsewhere with more content .
the consistancy is good , and it is delicous .
not to mention it has a 5 year warranty .
what i use as a serving is larger .
verizon and/or samsung are working on an update .
have had this running continuously now for three years .
i most likely wont be purchasing these again .
so i ordered these and they are perfect .
they fit the machine just as they should .
i can no longer use this line of kotex .
on an adult knee or ankle , forget it .
it is easy to use and very accurate .
her phone is dead about every other day .
its fully charged and runs fine with no cans .
it is made out of poor quality material .
i feel the above topic say 's it all .
i have had this cd changer for many years .
the mixer is all it says it is .
because it 's too big for my cup holder .
these headphones knock out perhaps half the engine noise .
you really have to pack on the color .
it looks great feels just right in my hand .
this sits on my counter and holds sugar .
the blacks and reds are muted and dull .
i use it for everything and rarely for boning .
i did trim around the flash like others suggested .
get a digital camcorder and dv card instead .
perfect for cleaning up any center console or dash .
get a tpu case or a seidio instead .
the iphone 5s fits perfectly in this case .
for my taste in sound , they are great .
they look like they will hold up well .
i purchased it for my shea butter mixtures .
the training string cutter will just break itself immediately .
i can honestly say that it did its job .
this bag has a very bad smell to it .
i have had no problems with this device .
wonderful organizer holds alot and basket glides easily .
do not make the same mistake that i did .
by trying different angles i found more comfortable positions .
regular vinyl stick decals are easier to apply .
on the surface this is a true pos .
just roam around destroying things and increasing your abilities/combos .
and frankly it just looks and feels nice .
the thing started smoking one day and completely died .
what a joke.the item creation system is a joke .
purchased this to try out in the workplace .
maybe i will find another use for it .
to work and i take the much smaller ms .
now it is not played with at all .
just used this for the first time last night .
the pump worked for its purposes at first .
it vibrates faster than any of the adjustable ones .
each serving is 25g of protein not 50 .
the water is incredibly clear and clean looking2 .
just repurchased to send to a family member .
i rate it as an excellent little gadget .
this seems like a feature everybody would want .
the velcro on the doors are stapled , fine .
i am sure xbox live play is different .
equally amazing is the customer service department at satechi .
have to interrupt the meal to get them .
i also noticed the material was super scratchy .
dead comfortable and offers a few earpiece sizes .
you can run out of steam for frothing .
just beware of considering the dimensions before ordering .
they make good clips for hanging paper , lol .
i used this lexar memory stick more few years .
should have read reviews before i ordered this item .
wash it and it becomes misshapen and shrinks up .
highly recommend this package over stock or cheaper generics .
at the beginning i was happy with this cream .
be prepare to store the weights some other way .
i had to drink a large glass of water .
it was a good buy for the price .
the heat overwhelms any other flavor in the soup .
i threw the remainder away and will not repurchase .
this is not a fruit and nut bar .
i will admit , i really love these shoes .
i do not recommend this spray at all .
you would think it would be a computer problem .
comes out of the dishwasher nice and clean .
and did i mention it was pricey very pricey .
i purchased 2 of these 15 months ago .
in fact all he really does is three things .
it would probably work awful well on wonder bread .
unfortunately , not my blackberry nor my cell phone .
it gives us the choices in pan sizes .
it also cleans very well and is durable .
probably the best fitting back case or shell around .
i got this to replace his metal pinch collar .
i have the superflash rear light and *love* it .
the case lasted longer than the phone did .
bottom line it comes down to personal preference .
i felt like a spoiled first world product-fetishist .
i 'm keeping that one for big jobs only .
we 've been using this for over six months .
this is the best corkscrew i ever had .
this was a waste of money and time .
very happy with this purchase and highly recommend it .
simplifies measuring 2 1/2 cups or larger liquid measurements .
the picture of vegetables chopped evenly is utterly misleading .
the actual product is exactly what i expected .
this is not a game to really explore .
great little zester , as i expected from oxo .
few games can bore me past my patience level .
the tray is also easy to dis-asemble and clean.recommend .
i needed an additional wall charge for travel .
the opening for camera not exactly on camera .
die , reload from last save point saved at .
they are well made and satisfy my needs perfectly .
also nice when someone else is in the car .
waiting for a pot of water to boil .
use it to whip your eggs into shape ! .
they are easy to use and really work well .
she also seems to like bright colorful toys .
i admit that i have a low pain threshhold .
needed to add to pieces to my flat wear .
i love that it has no plastic whatsoever .
works great and has absolutely no negative features .
it works very well and blends all ingredients quickly .
i despised having to open them as well .
good range of sizes for both storage and eating .
these were extremely cheap and the quality is amazing .
i would get my money back if i could .
i thought this might be a good game .
clear audio connection which is very compact in size .
ordered this & got it in a few days .
it does n't pick up fine hairs at all .
i bought a whole set in various colors .
this looks like an oem battery to me .
i owned the motorola s9 for a couple years .
it is fantastic , i am buying one more .
such a pity to waste good money this way .
i would suggest one step-by-step video guide in particular .
for some reason i ordered two of these items .
when the button pops the rice is done .
this battery works wonders for the transform ultra .
this is not worth the money that was charged .
i purchased the white cover with the black piping .
all around this thing does a great job .
this dock kit did n't hold up at all .
we bought this from a local toy shoppe .
i thought this was a very weak coffee .
first use - trying to chop some veggies .
no complaints about fit , but its nothing special .
you will find worst and your will find better .
the pictures and video it takes are amazing .
the string is about as thick as fishing line .
this is a great cover for the iphone .
this one is solidly made of stainless steel .
i will always buy this iron from now on .
the one i do have does not work .
i wish i had read all the reviews .
i always put mine to cool on a rack .
i needed a replacement and found this newer version .
it is a good example of braun quality .
wanted to connect the laptop to a hdtv .
i love them for cutting large vegetables and cheeses .
plus comes with a screen protector as a bonus .
i would generally give this product five stars .
one scoop of this pwo contains 225mg of caffeine .
i am sure the majority of buyers have candida .
this is supposed to be an exfoliator ? hardly .
most important , does what it is supposed to .
pump does not last very long before dying .
the design of the salad plate is very smart .
this ironing board makes it so much easier .
its honestly like a real mirror on your phone .
i use with revere 1400 line 3-quart covered saucepan .
the screen is bright and easy to see .
but this is not what it is advertised for .
we recently hosted a family brunch with 17 people .
i generally have a 28 to 30 day cycle .
so i spent that evening restoring it again .
the fabric feels nice , and it is comfortable .
i am very happy with this cookie sheet .
we live on our boat , almost full time .
i originally bought this over 10 years ago .
for that price , they are impossible to beat .
i needed to makeover the bodice to fit .
it was on my doorstep within 5 days .
if the device is attached and working and 2 .
figured at worst it could do my face .
i love the colors but not a good product .
i can smell it from across the room .
never could get the product to fit just right .
kind of dumb after the novelty wears off .
these are the perfect size for soup and cereal .
it was there for 5 years with no luck .
not even the best game on nintendo 64 .
perfect works great and the price was good too .
i contacted simplehuman and they sent replacement parts free .
it was well packaged and arrived as promised .
this thing fits like hammer pants for my torso .
this little coat rack is attractive and inexpensive .
good for super sized portions in my opinion .
generally just a very useful shape and size .
it is soft to the touch yet rugged .
so you have to finish the job manually .
just google the message yourself and you will see .
it is very easy to use and very thorough .
bought the first one over a year ago .
most all smart phones to me are more fragile .
just purchased this thing a few hours ago .
and on top of that , the keyboard sucks .
i purchased this for use in my camper .
i am not sure if it actually amplifies sound .
there are many options in sorting your digital photos .
she wo n't let me put it on her .
i purchased two of the sonic and vibration collars .
i consume raw seeds , not roasted or salted,5 .
one usually wins by destroying selected enemy buildings .
well it was the razor so shop around ! .
we spent a week in italy at cooking school .
its plenty big enough and easy to clean .
tv started malfunctioning after 2 years of ownership .
great bundt cake pan cover for the holidays .
the bass on the fx6021 system is unacceptably weak .
so i got this for him to sleep on .
bronner lotion which left my skin soft and smooth .
good price spent on something to protect my phone .
spend the extra money and get the lifeproof case .
needed more for the price and size of container .
trendnet makes ps2 models and they make usb models .
i do not want a chicken based supplement .
i actually never knew about this item until then .
she just had the mastery of the tool .
it is what i just what i ordered .
no burned skin in the bottom of the cooker .
the locking mechanism for the arm broke under pressure .
it works better than anything else i 've tried .
then a new window pops up with formatting options .
my butane gas fuel lighters work much longer .
seems to be very solid and very quiet .
the game does have it 's high points though .
i look forward to slicing prime rib next .
disappointed since other bruder toys have been high quality .
the colors are soft and it washes very nicely .
maybe it would have been better with a mac .
while it sits there unused on my nightstand.2 .
i also received it much sooner than was expected .
i like buying these in packs of 3 .
i received the garlic keeper in excellent shape .
this is a big mistake on amazon 's part .
this case is well made and looks good .
west bend has been around for a long time .
they are durable and the lids fit securely .
dunno how klean kanteen has all those good reviews .
there are two things that would improve these gloves .
convenient and allows easy retrieval when the phone rings .
the headphone are fairly priced for what you get .
this pan holds a perfect frittata for two .
this is just what i needed for my iphone .
this scoop works very well for smaller cookies .
so i guess that 's good enough for me .
stuck in my office chair all the time .
does n't add much bulk to the phone either .
condition of the millet i received was horrible .
i do not recommend that anyone buy this fan .
and it was easy to put on as well .
all of the know-how is built into the unit .
it is a perfect replacement for my old one .
i previously rated this player as 5 star .
now sims are awesome this will waste your model .
paper is definitely better than the steel ones .
good stuff and the lids seem to last forever .
it 's a very very cheap piece of junk .
very poor design and fit around the cup .
central standard time if you would like additional information .
then the same thing happened with that side .
in the long run they are a better value .
the buttons do n't line up to a 4s .
this thing is the worst of both worlds .
i 'm just wondering when this issue will stop .
and this is not a bad product , really .
overpriced and i was not happy with it .
printed out return and receivedrefund in about 10 days .
but this pasta ladle/ spoon works just perfectly .
smackdown series casually since it first came out .
that really tells you how good they are .
during charging , the power button led remains on .
needs just the same cleaning as other dispensers .
i hooked them up to various sources ( i.e .
i have not had any problems with uneven cuts.2 .
the clean up is a lazy person 's dream .
no extra space at all which is great .
got it from amazon and that might be key .
it made me break out -tiny pimples- like crazy .
i 've frequently had problems cooking rice in saucepans .
it hurt to wear and was bulky and weird .
just be careful after you sharpen your knives .
i do n't think that is necessary at all .
i am very disappointed in this coffee machine .
but they wo n't be in my normal rotation .
this norpro is very sturdy and well made .
this in addition to sugar which is half fructose .
we used to have a hooded litter box .
the static only exists when the volume is deafening .
i just lay it flat on my desk .
i could n't resist adding this to our collection .
the other my scene barbies are cute and cool .
they are non-positionable figurines with no moving parts .
i 'm keeping it and i dont know why .
my money just wnet right dow the drain .
at first , this seemed like a good purchase .
i am disappointed and would like a full refund .
just very functional.i originally really wanted a glass container .
the bread came out not even close to perfect .
bought in january 2009 and broken already last week .
note to self : pay attention to the reviews .
two people try to push the same ball .
i have not yet used the mat for baking .
for the price you ca n't get any better .
i would highly recommend this headset to anyone .
case is nice but ben franklins face is scratched .
and i had given the game endless praise .
these were within 15 feet of the base transmitter .
it is a nice product and priced perfectly .
just got misto and the thing actually works .
the quality is just not what i remember .
obviously would not snap on as in youtube vid .
you really want to get that top spot .
i have no problems with the audio itself .
it 's easy to use and seems very accurate .
followed all the instruction on filling and charging .
the case looks great on her black iphone .
i selected it and it was ready for action .
rafter and jack sizes on a hip roof ) .
the biggest culprit of bubbles are dust/small particles .
i generally use it when i record videos .
this is far easier than tying your shoes .
sure , it has a lot of metal parts .
i bought this small pan to make turkish coffee .
everything else either burns your hands or plain sucks .
great product that works well and looks nice .
it holds my iphone 4s with a case perfectly .
works just like the other one i purchased retail .
it 's basically the same questions over and over .
no matter what i do it will not reconnect .
i love not having a cord to fight with .
i can not believe how stiff these keys are .
i was going to try one last dish brush .
i have tried multiple brands and models of bluetooth .
this scraper comes in handy for so many things .
i sometimes have to press it multiple times .
i sweat how i want it never stops .
all the reviews say use benfotiamine for various mfgs .
i have also tested it using boiling water .
a beautiful addition to my other lemongrass fiesta dinnerware .
i am an experienced chef with great accolades .
you can read it anywhere , see it anywhere .
the top bars that stabililize the roof became broken .
i guess you get what you paid for .
it cuts through without the cheese sticking to it .
the mask is not pliable in the least bit .
i ca n't saying anything good about this phone .
it does not hold the interest of the children .
it works great for my morning eggs and flapjacks .
steer clear of this one at all costs .
the regular bialetti moka does not do this .
i was surprised , as they seemed substantial enough .
it just got hot and never turned on .
it seems very solid and durably made , too .
what complete garbage and huge waste of money .
i 'm also not concerned about salmonella from these .
pants are very poor quality for the price .
first , it offers no protection for the screen .
does not include audio jack in the base2 .
this belt was used several times a week .
i really cant say enough good about this product .
at best , this tastes like truck stop coffee .
this game is such a waste of time .
i wo n't bother retyping what they already say .
they told me to send it in for repair .
picked this up and works great with our mixer .
i could n't believe they are still being manufactured .
came with a little bit of peanut butter .
i have used the cnd shellac and love it .
i gave them to my bf as a gift .
this company is apparently not one of them .
people say the grinder makes a huge difference .
this is far and away the best solution .
i have been using these forever and love them .
fit perfectly on a standard glass dome cake saver .
it opens better but still not very good .
maybe not in a pair of sweatpants or jeans .
it goes from whisper soft to very loud .
this is not a ggod case for your evo .
this percolator is well made and very sturdy .
you get a 16 ounce bottle with the steamvac .
not a product i would buy ever again .
the iphone is tightly held in the holster .
this was one of my earliest purchases from amazon .
these curtain rings look very utilitarian and plain .
easy to use and easy to take apart .
i bought this pan specifically for the lid .
the plastic is the cheap hard plastic that snaps .
weird after taste and the smell is awful .
would i buy again ? not in this life .
very clunky and inconvenient in the car charger .
this product does not minimize the look of wrinkles .
the previous one was just a coffee maker .
i had a wired keyboard and mouse plugged in .
i will not buy another nancy drew game .
she has lots of problems using the phone .
product generously supplied by manufacturer for an honest review .
i thought that coffee + chocolate = delicious .
they are more beautiful then anything i have seen .
it became dirty and was hard to clean .
good idea , but does not work well .
thank you amazon for carrying this wonderful product ! .
i bought this for my sprint galaxy s3 .
anything you get from pyrex is always good .
the plastic lined wooden trays expand , stair-step fashion .
this model hiss and noise level makes useless .
bought this as a gift for my husband .
the buttons are cushy and easy to press .
connections fit perfectly and powered my koolatron nicely .
great for those folks who are just too .
i have never had shoes fit so odd .
you could experiment yourself just to be sure .
my cat never gets tired on playing with it .
i returned it and asked for a refund .
they were pretty comfortable for the most part .
the voice-activated features is another plus on this headset .
it smells nice , but lasts a few minutes .
i have heavy iron deposits in my water .
it shreds after awhile and looks kind of messy .
then pour a cup of water in the glass .
i bought this skillet a few years ago .
this thing does what it says it will .
absolutely no difference in my windstream dsl speed .
when you tilt your camera down , it moves .
i hate looking like a bag of leaves .
i do n't fault the grinder design for this .
tried this with 4 different phone same result .
although the plastic is probably easier to clean .
she uses the non-stick cuisinart pan and loves it .
customer service was quick to issue a refund .
they came quickly and are great weight pans .
this product does absolutely nothing and tastes gross .
they are also quite small and do not stretch .
then if needed add more ice or fruit .
it forces me to always grind the beans fresh .
it does a great job cracking smaller nuts .
i love this line of cookware by calphalon .
that would be a fair amount of rice .
the price was the greatest thing about it .
the gourmet is the economy/entry level set from wustof .
i bought my first pair at a local chain .
i bought this battery and received it quick .
oxo good grips kitchen brush arrived in good condition .
good accurate bass , nice mids and clear highs .
i did not even receive a response from them .
it would be impossible to bike with this tool .
also , there are severeal glitches in the game .
this pot is good quality for the price .
most of their headphones are designed this way .
also she can just walk around the edge .
as a drying cloth not very good at all .
they pulled the identical stunt the second time around .
dipping the bread in oil is way too much .
however it does one helluva job protecting the phone .
their packing is terrible and everything has arrived broken .
this holds 2 spoons and is easy to clean .
all the other sally hansen brands are pretty good .
nice and big area for my cooking utensils .
it works very good and cant beat the price .
since that is why i bought it for .
you also can use them to mix in ingredients .
they do n't feel comfy to me at all .
fit is good but offers phone zero protection .
i purchased this looking for a good leave in .
my main gripe is the amount of maintenance needed .
i would hate to see the normal version .
brush a little olive oil onto the pizza crust .
bad quality product from what i can see .
did i say its a great looking carafe .
i bought this based on the good product reviews .
they make jerky all the time and love it .
i find the the exterior too squishy and soft .
perhaps i just drink a lot of coffee though .
the system requirements being misleading is an understatement .
i did not think they were made very well .
i want to go lighter i think next time .
he is also shedding again like a beast .
it is quite universal for cell phone batteries .
this product does what it 's supposed to do .
eventually the wind and birds will scratch it too .
this is the worst game anybody could play .
like they had turned me into a troll .
it does not build well onto problem areas .
after their review i decided to buy a pair .
we bought this for our children for christmas .
this yuban breakfast blend coffee was not very good .
easy to use , takes the lid right off .
this one is the exception.this cord is sturdy .
great on hardwood floors as well as carpets .
they are kind of large wanted smaller ones .
decent quality buds but the cord system is god-awful .
the phone charger works , it charges the phone .
motorola does n't always get it right of course .
the menu or process for doing anything is maddening .
they were going to send me a new set .
had to break it to get it off .
but i think it did the job fine .
all in all this product worked as advertised .
the target strips are also quite a bit cheaper .
the design of the lid makes this container amazing .
but avoid the hassle , check the bottom line .
but does n't work to significantly help with sound .
it is convoluted instead of a real circle .
next i moved on to the turkey stick .
i do not recommend this product at all .
too bad i wasted over $ 2/oz for this .
the keypad is circa-2001 and the screen is circa-2001 .
i put six huge cookies on each rack .
i am extremely happy with these cutting boards .
this is extremely thin and very hard to tear .
i had high hopes after reading several reviews .
i bought petco 's bag dispensers to replace firstrax .
i took the risk and went for it .
but i spread homemade sauce over the rising dough .
do not buy this for your own good .
i needed to take tums to finish the job .
i 've just had this for a couple days .
i am not really sure how accurate it is .
so i advise buying it used and trying it .
however it is working very well other than that .
it looks nice and has a good feel .
the cord retracts very easily no complaints so far .
too expensive to stock the fruits and veggies .
i think i might just return the product .
and they came out of the pan so easily .
this device paired right away with my motorola t305 .
this will be a gift & even nicer .
i notice them become more hard to find .
i guess in-plug mini-fuses became universal for a reason .
busting the cd into little pieces was gratifying .
but you have to place it just right .
there is also a charger in the box .
right away i knew it was a bad decision .
the smaller end fits perfectly into the holder .
he is too smart for his own good .
my redvines does n't compare in taste or texture .
i 've had this one for quite a while .
i bought this headset when it was $ 75 .
this worked reasonably fine at relieving my symptoms .
you can search his web site for details .
labeling is a painnot sure how to improve this .
the other two lasted a couple weeks each .
i started out very happy with this product .
i would n't recommend this pillow for stomach sleepers .
i had problems with this phone from day one .
squeezing out air as you roll the zipped end .
see one yourself before you buy any other .
but it feels like it would survive an impact .
the juice just squirts all over the place .
other ingredients are glycerin , purified water and ethanol .
so i am unable to test the lens .
it was the first time i tried it .
they cook evenly and are very easy to clean .
one side is flat and the other is slotted .
the item is otherwise a good theoretical idea .
this is so not worth the money anymore ! .
i am making more steak cause of this tenderizer .
but the bottle was sticky and swimming in shampoo .
it 's so flimsy & not sturdy @ all .
it is slightly more expensive than the other two .
put in fresh batteries and tried it again .
this cereal contains genetically modified soy and corn .
but the back side looks nice as well .
the instructions actually tell you to use gourmet popcorn .
i need something to really work out in .
what can i say the pouch is ok .
this kennel cab looks sturdier in the picture .
neighbors lawn equipment and barking dogs drive me nuts .
the only difference is this one does not .
pops most kernals , a bit sensative at first .
very costly for such a week perfume-sorry calvin .
and as i did , the power switch broke .
because they do n't know the difference i guess .
there is no color distortion at any viewing angle .
sleeves are too big and torso is too small .
it works on sucking up and out all air .
the spongy ear covers are a little rough .
absolutely make sure it is a native union handset .
i did a scallops au gratin the other night .
we received this as a present two days ago .
this camera is not recommended for the following reasons:1 .
no civilization ever asks me to mediate disputes .
i would recommend for anyone who owns the htc .
it also holds up really well in the dishwasher .
the chemical is absorbed into the skin , readily .
i like the weight of the glass too .
or it would be - if it worked .
it was wonderful for my baby-fine , thin hair .
i read all the reviews before ordering this machine .
and i hope my friend stops using this .
otherwise i will give it a 5 stars .
it work well for my husband phone as well .
just one pill and i am really bad today .
but the finished cake shape is simply beautiful .
good case but i preferred the blue better .
accompanied it with a cookbook of family fave recipes .
as well , the small head attachment is double-headed .
i need to replace the screen protector though .
hot beverages stayed piping hot for hours and hours .
without the non-slip sole the shoes are really slick .
the graphics are now even more dated then ever .
still had fleas live through it and hatch out .
no matter what i tried , it beaded up .
i 'm thinking of getting a bigger one too .
it went camping with us without a problem .
use different rolls/bags for different types of foods .
wusthof is the only knife for everyday food preparation .
i had forgotten what really good popcorn tastes like .
i thought maybe i could get used to it .
that 's a sign of a really good grater .
the bold is the friendlier one by far .
they were not being sold by amazon back then .
i am especially pleased with the perfect fit .
this car charger has helped me out alot .
it feels like it was made for my hand3 .
hard to measure if it is working or not .
i had to put in a base kitchen cabinet .
this one did not last very long at all .
better off just returning it and trying something different .
the more active you are the worse it feels .
this is worth way more than the low price .
wore it the first time while cleaning the garage .
we used it on our recent 1.5 week campout .
maybe some riders will have a better experience .
you can hear me crashing in the kitchen .
the item arrived on time and in good condition .
if you value your life buy american jack stands .
the screw-on cap can create a very tight seal .
i have a iphone 4s with a lifeproof cover .
we bought this drying rack a few weeks ago .
when this package arrived it was very small .
the portions are really small for the price .
this is the perfect companion for the enviracaire 20500 .
this was just a clone of red alert though .
i use 3 pieces on my forehead every night .
the unit does what it was meant to do .
the cotter pin was also extremely difficult operate .
i recieved this remote control without any instructions .
this is the second mighty mite i have owned .
i will just stick with gallons of bottled water .
it hardly shoots the corn around at all .
works like a charm and could not be happier .
it is so easy and convenient to use .
i contacted anker for support and they were great .
i 've had one of these woks for years .
second , the right channel died after 2 months .
i was grating carrots and the carrot got stuck .
our consumers help us determine which variations they prefer .
it 's a nice package for on the go .
i wish i could have made this work .
i was not impressed with this product at all .
does rapid charge my samsung s4 active wonderfully .
i bought these as a gift for my daughter .
the fins were the best part of the set .
then i realized the drum was just banging noise .
they are more expensive , but they work better .
i now have 2008 , 2010 and 2011 btw .
now i am stuck with 4 of them .
berman put her name on this piece of junk .
i tried it for both bv and yeast .
this actually hurt my armpit and left red marks .
i use it for both tea and coffee .
it looks cakey and thick on your face .
very pleased with these cookie sheets and cooling grid .
i love that these pans have straight sides .
then i use the highlight brush from this set .
althought i have no longer have this phone .
they look stylish and appear to be made well .
i had trouble with this giving me heartburn .
but then i noticed there was no battles .
both swear it 's best bluetooth speakerphone on market .
my cockatoo turned up her beak at it .
the phone network connection is the download speed .
this toaster is relatively light , just 7 lbs .
jawbone offer voice dialing or recording/voice memo capability .
pink tab has not slipped like in other reviews .
maybe the product i was send is bad .
the led came on but not anything would charge .
i purchased one of these a few days ago .
this item arrived in a matter of days .
but this conditioner actually made my hair more frizzy .
this coffee maker looks great on the countertop .
i love my 'new ' kitchenaid power stand mixer .
i used to think i wo n't need smartphones .
it also left most of my face feeling itchy .
~edited 1/2012 my fans still run like new .
there 's no getting around the physics of it .
arrived promptly and filled the bill as a gift .
after two hours my phone was 100 % charged .
fits perfect and is very nice for the phone .
we have owned several of these over the year .
i tried this as part of the vine program .
they apparently produce junk , and they know it .
and amaranth in flakes from their brother 's cereals .
this unit worked great for about a week .
this item does what it is suppose to do .
easy to apply them , and they last forever .
i have been extremely happy with my purchase .
it works as good as my last one .
i am sure someone else will enjoy it .
i was told the repairs would take 2 weeks .
really , there is no wiggle room at all .
i would not recommend this toy to any one .
people always complain that they can not hear me .
you need someone to hold it open for you .
it has been working great for my blackberry curve .
the box was falling apart when it arrived .
the rest can easily be cleaned by hand .
i plugged it in right by her pillow .
i will never order anything from this seller .
we have not experienced any of the negatives mentioned .
the food releases from the bottom as it cooks .
i am using this jar for a terrarium .
our fav is pineapple juice and crushed strawberries .
it is just the thing for weak hands .
the unit arrived dead out of the box .
i use a moka machine on my stovetop .
i can not recommend the ebelskivers high enough either .
possibly the problems i 've noted have been corrected .
the cord is a bit short for me .
i noticed a difference in the quality of sound .
this battery is definitely an original motorola battery .
i bought this on a recommendation from a friend/co-worker .
this is the perfect size for frosting cupcakes .
in ff 12 they look like plastic people .
it did not improve the quality of my hair .
this item i purchased is better than i thought .
guess what ? the fight is back to easy .
good replacements for my junk , broken steak set .
but it really is n't worth losing sleep over .
she put me on hold for over an hour .
this is a replacement for my current toaster .
they are very easy to get at and change .
it doubles the battery life of my ipod .
it really did n't help the pain at all .
the handles are smoothly routered-in with no rough edges .
try this and you will never use another brand .
these measuting cups feel substantial in your hands .
edit : one out of two did not work .
this mitt is a must for cast-iron lovers .
my bad though seems like a good spoon .
some of the foam stick-ons had no adhesive .
loved the aluminum surface and variable speed option .
repeatedly.i really wanted the game to work well .
and health drops are very sparse and very weak .
and it dried my hair really out a lot .
nothing wrong with these just my preference is all .
these filters are made for chemex coffee makers .
it 's a very good value for the money .
consistency is also poor made me break out .
it also seems to help with the allergies .
i feel like tony soprano drinking this coffee lol .
it did what it was supposed to do .
so nice to have a brand new one .
this makes zesting and grating anything so much easier .
i consider it a good investment for my iphone .
do yourself a favor and get at least two .
i highly recommend the jura 2-phase cleaning tablets .
they can be used for so many different things .
i thought i was getting something very similar .
i would n't say this is a bad product .
wo n't pop off if i drop my phone .
also versatile to adjust to your drawer size .
perfect for giving the phone a bit more protection .
the fit is perfect , and simple to install .
not much to say about a cable like this .
i would buy a wusthof gourmet in the future .
that is , until i found this popcorn popper .
the world looks interesting and is easy to navigate .
i highly recommend for anyone with a touchscreen smartphone .
instead i would recommend banjo-kazooie or mario 64 .
these are stamped blades and thinner than some .
i thought this was the best bra for me .
the silver is already almost all peeled off .
this coffee maker does n't pour well at all .
fits right inside my 9x11 or 9x13 dish .
my only complaint is that it is pretty noisy .
these taste like instant coffee with skim milk .
do not think i would purchase this again .
words just as described and handles a charge well .
i 've had this blender for over 2 years .
then came the horrible pixelation breakups while watching dvds .
since i am always moving around a lot .
cet makes excellent products for pet dental care .
i feel so healthy eating hot air popcorn .
also i have a bunch of oxo products already .
each step on and off shifted the dail off .
you get what you pay for i guess .
it is now a kitchen favorite for me ! .
i wish i did n't purchase this yucky item .
i bought mine at a store to avoid shipping .
the plot in this one is unbelievably dumb .
after about 2 weeks of use it 's perfect .
purchased 4/19/2009 and used 2 seasons in the rv .
should be a basic issue item for every kitchen .
plus cuisinart is a very good kitchen appliance manufacturer .
not one of those thin paper like protectors .
it has been a cold winter in the midwest .
other reviews are correct about the on/off button .
i would recommend this case to a friend .
im a college student so my phone stays low .
i carry an extra pair in my laptop bag .
dust puffs up everywhere.the suction really is not bad .
i paid premium price for this kind of junk .
so i think that they 're a great deal .
the open moat design causes a lot of problems .
it works perfectly for our 2 person household .
it is so simple and has many great features .
bought with single switch blender of same brand .
no way can i use this on my face .
i expected more from a product from culligan .
only quibble- wish it was a bit larger .
then i started noticing that things just stopped working .
we are still using this over a year later .
they are a perfect addition to any kitchen ! .
net style shaker , and then whisk type shaker .
it is orange-ish and seemed to clog my pores .
minimal thought required to play but lots of fun .
it would be fine for a light chewer however .
this does exactly what it is supposed to do .
where the aircast really shines is no cords .
as far as i know they worked as intended .
this was a great dvd player when it worked .
i was very disapointed when i opened the package .
very disappointed with this especially for the price .
you deserve a have star not even one .
it takes some effort to break into the thing .
once again , everything came out spic and span .
the fish meat is whitish , soft and flaky .
it does a splendid job with all batters .
this product does not work with windows vista .
i get 6-7 hours on a full charge .
it has no sugar added and contains nothing artificial .
best timer i have ever used for this purpose .
this is a great cover and looks so sleek .
two and a half minutes and perfectly steamed veggies .
i like to make water with fruit in it .
eforcity handsfree earbuds headphones with mic compatible with iphone .
the enemies are psychic and can take unhuman damage .
maybe my nose is just too big for these .
the magizines worked very well for me , however .
add something to the silicone formula or something .
oz and decided to give it a try .
the cookies are rarely over or under done .
this is our best and go-to baking pan .
one was installed on cordless base station/answering machine .
this is really a better product than i expected .
this machine has greatly increased our coffee experience .
i usually get 2 boxes for this price .
the problem is with the seller , ross electronics .
i got exactly what is in the picture .
buy the recommended lube and you will be happy.5 .
i was waiting on this phone for months .
meaning one more and it was the final boss .
i am sure i shall find out soon .
i just got this today and it 's perfect .
however , it was pretty much useless for us .
i wanted a good model to work with .
it is substantial for both hot & cold liquids .
i try to stick to the lower fat recipes .
i will buy this again when needed to .
i always use warm water to make my coffee .
so no way to judge how product works .
it has saved his phone more than once .
stay away from sony - or suffer many headaches .
my 30 year + machine is being renewed ! .
they rub between the toes with a harsh stiffness .
i started off reading the business card sized instructions .
the feedback can be to to many other issues .
wilton has lost a customer as of now .
however , be prepared for a little clean up .
the top and bottom crust both browned fabulously .
wife wanted this , so bought it for her .
never once got that snap-there is the right focus .
we then pinned student work along the clothesline .
i highly recommend this case to all iphone owners .
size-wise , i like this type of ball though .
but right now i 'm delighted with this purchase .
they smell and they 're like a old rug .
it is great protection to my phone as well .
i am surprised at all the good reviews here .
i did not slice the meat slowly at all .
the solution is a simple singular hole punch .
i could not wait to take it off .
it washes up easily in hot soapy water .
the room looked and smelled cleaner than ever before .
cute machine.but - it has several unsafe features .
it looks sleek and feels good in your hand .
you have my money and i have nothing .
then i dipped/rolled the shaft in the ca+ .
i am a vegetarian so use it quite often .
the idea sounds better than what it is .
it also has the hookup jack for charging it .
heat is quite even over the entire surface .
at times you play sam , other times hannah .
not a huge problem , but less than perfect .
i can still not get this game to work .
1 ) this soap is not from shea butter .
it is a perfect size and very sturdy .
its the same repeative motions throughout the game .
this brushes are not even better than good .
it is smaller than it looks in the picture .
it just sits on the skin without being absorbed .
this is a great brush for use on vegetables .
they worj and they are easy ti appky .
very clear transmission of calls both incoming and outgoing .
this is a cheap product that uses cheap dye .
this is why the knife is so great .
neither of my cats will eat this food .
i use the senseo pods simply for convenience sake .
still it seemed obscene to buy another one .
uses same water wick and air filter parts .
the cups and pitcher were very pretty and solid .
did not really help with eliminating odor from kitchen .
very poor and must have been really old .
i am very motivated to return the product .
do n't know if price is any indicator either .
i can no longer recommend the platinum xl .
very disappointing to see as a makeup lover .
doing this once seems to work all morning .
cut around 4 5 sims and tried them all .
it greatly improved the taste of our yucky water .
it is just not a good quality cat food .
so i drained it and mailed it right back .
i bought my kitchenaid khb300 and loved it .
all come with spatulas to scrape them down .
it holds onto the windshield and does n't fall .
i saw this one and decided to try it .
will reserve that for back up if needed .
in fact i forgot i even ordered them .
should have probably not put it in the dishwasher .
did everything as instructed but the game never installed .
remember aluminum plaque causes alzheimers in the brain .
this died on me after maybe 3 months .
i only had this problem with the zen .
i like the easy use and easy clean .
i never was so disappointed in my life .
these knives are made for a lifetime of use .
this slicer keeps going without a hiccup at all .
i just ordered another one of these for her .
time that it would work got shorter and shorter .
these belts do what they 're intended to do .
i read lots of reviews for this product .
it turned out that the filter was on backorder .
you ca n't go wrong ! highly recommend ! .
nice heft to the pan , and even baking .
after opening the jelly the rim gets sticky .
the spring clip broke after 40 days of use .
wish we had bought it a long time ago .
these two machines are both great for different uses .
no rust , cuts through all bread with ease .
all three of the main characters are females .
another bra that will stay in my wardrobe .
we have come to expect more from you .
only wish i had one for my old oven .
it holds a great edge and slices effortlessly .
i still have my atari 2600 and both e.t .
is holding up great after over 6 months .
bought this to sharpen my mac and global knives .
the spf 45 is much better in this brand .
great pan for making a multitude of things .
i just bought another set for a friend .
i would have preferred to season it myself .
i may or may not finish the whole box .
mine came to me on time and as advertised .
it works very well but is pretty large .
so it was not fun in that sense .
guys , do not be afraid of the 2-tone .
it works so much better than an ordinary pan .
the privacy screen does n't really provide much privacy .
they are the same viatmins as a multi-vitamin .
these tend to burn and make a mess .
i have used this extended battery without problem .
we own two of these utility cabinets now .
we replaced it with the george foreman grilleration model .
the effect will be similar , but much brighter .
i am new in all this food drying world .
knox to get it on and or off .
nothing sets if off most of the time .
no worries about camping or sailing with it .
it pops all the kernels to the last pop .
i 'm betting perfectly good grinders are being trashed .
it also does a great job on cookies .
and the sequences of dialogue are long and boring .
i have had this item about 2 weeks .
it is stainless ca n't go wrong with stainless .
the extra $ s were well spent for me .
nice-looking enough to leave out on the counter .
you could almostuse this as a tiny cooking pot .
it includes a tool to scrape any particles away .
i guess you get what you pay for .
i would recommend this kettle to my friends .
these are just do not get it done .
they are a good purchase and a useful tool .
powders coffee and spices in a few seconds .
my application came out with zero air bubbles .
my iphone stretched the fabric to the max .
charges up my galaxy nexus batteries like a champ .
i was not happy with the size of them .
this game is very theoretic and leaves you thinking .
love this scarf hanger so much i purchased another .
too expensive to buy one every three months .
take it out and flip the dough over .
so the deformed green bottom was against the floor .
i returned it and purchased a 7 cup size .
too early to tell but nice low price .
it should last as it is well made .
i received the clear model and love it .
check that out before buying would make sense .
clever design always gets a smile from guests .
it works and i would but it again .
it is the perfect size for most task .
we got more in and they also sold out .
i gave they black set to my daughter .
this game is a big disappointment from nintendo .
the chlorine taste and smell were immediately noticeable .
datel 's products are much better in my opinion .
overall the incipio ultralight cases are pretty good .
rent this thing if you have to play it .
i have had no problems with the pans whatsoever .
it is made so that you can detach .
the clip belt brokes and it is not working .
i believe this issue willremedy itself with regular use .
it seems to spray up to 15 feet .
look at the reviews and error message documents .
it is always ready when i need it .
i only trust my cell phone screens with skinomi .
did it 's job till needed a new one .
the mixer i received from amazon had two defects .
these guys are plastic , and chunky as heck .
it is espectacular for the touch electronics products .
the scratching post is very durable and built well .
the screen was blurry when the games were moving .
excellent just what i needed to complete my set .
taste is good and overall process is fairly quick .
the characters are chunky and perfect for little hands .
the divided apple looked like a flower blossom .
the colar did nothing to change her behavior .
valeo was great when dealing with customer service .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
unfold and slip the filter into the metal bin .
my husband has been using these razors for years .
it does not even help a little bit .
so back to the drawing board i go .
there are better titles in the classic nes series .
the ipod mini as gotten very unpopular in 2005 .
i purchased these 4 years ago from amazon .
also the quietest household burr grinder i 've seen .
i felt the loud static would damage my ears .
it brews a cup of coffee very quickly .
the wood on some has broken or splintered away .
they pretty well play anything we through at them .
i was looking forward to this lycorice candy .
got hooked on bsn products thru no xplode .
i ordered the battery based on the reviews .
and you can apply this same review to mr .
i 've never basted a turkey in my life .
they included shipping and handling in the price .
i tried multiple times with both of my cats .
popper has served many , many cups of popcorn .
the sprint store is selling it for $ 40.00 .
he had only the original box and paperwork .
i found this item rather cumbersome and awkward .
i use that to charge my bluetooth headset .
krups hit a home run with this one .
i 've had these headphones for about a year .
it is the only opener i have that rusted .
the 'blinken light ' came on when turned on .
as in , well a straight line of gameplay .
but over time the aluminum part wears out .
i will stick to crystal light and snapple .
you just ca n't beat a revere ware pan .
for starters , the arm is just too short .
rubbing tomatoes on my face made a noticeable difference .
the sweeteners being used leave an obnoxious after taste .
they took forever to get up to temperature .
for the price you truly get a lot .
the mmorpg community as a whole has abandoned it .
there are youtubes that work better than this .
they feel very light and secure in my ear .
overall the service was great and shipping was quick .
my kids love to vacuum their rooms now too .
love these small and light sony hbh-is800 bluetooth earbuds .
the maximum sodium for an adult is 1500 mg .
this is my go-to whisk for stovetop cooking .
i have several of these , well worth it .
once i did though , i was completely satisfied .
again no disappointment from me with this purchase .
these say clearly that they are made in china .
that 's why you need an activated sim card .
i have suspicions that this may be a counterfeit .
i got bored with this really , really quick .
i have always remembered how yummy they were .
i simply dont know of a better pizza pan .
i purchased this thinking it would be fun .
the cereal 's number one ingredient is corn meal .
i 'm amazed at the difference between other brands .
for some reason the program buttons were not working .
the cup itself makes any coffee taste like rubber .
i went through 3 headsets before finally giving up .
i am very well pleased with this product .
i bows considerably when i try to use it .
although i had a lot of trouble as well .
i highly recommend for every from cooks to chefs .
unfortunately this product did not reduce my cholesterol .
the cake and the pan were very impressive ! .
also snagged and looked old after one washing .
works without adhesive and protects against almost anything .
just cool it down and hit the reset button .
my skin is too sensitive to this crap .
even aesthetically this mat is far more superior .
i use this for the acssional cheese cake .
it seems to have made a huge difference .
nothing wrong with this unless you want something longer .
it heats up fast and the temperature seems accurate .
then it did n't work well at all anyway .
there is no tray inside for small items either .
other then that its good for the price .
voices are clear and not at all muffled .
i got this just to try something new .
always remember - you get what you pay for .
beveled sides make it hard to slide on pizza .
so i just made my kid do it .
he loved the retro design with the sidecar .
they again said they would send out new tadpoles .
my wife and i are not really coffee drinkers .
if you use filtered coffee , consider another grinder .
the healthmate takes care of this problem for me .
snowhead temple is one of the better dungeons .
please confirm if and when the design changed .
this may indicate that the cabinet file is corrupt .
i have a few other blue tooth headsets .
it takes standard size loaves , not wide pieces .
but , whatever makes you happy i guess .
the great thing is that it works great .
i will try another and send this one back .
no rubber seals to worry about or replace .
but at the price you ca n't beat it .
had to send the second one back too .
cheaper in stores , but still not worth it .
they came in black as in the second picture .
these are great glass jars made in italy .
save your money and get a book of puzzles .
works perfectly and has a nice feel to it .
the cats do n't play with this at all .
product was not sealed and had leaked everywhere .
can be used for anything with or without rack .
they are heavyweight and should last a lifetime .
these are a challenge to want to choke down .
also be careful when you wash the lid .
have never had this happen with any other holster .
instead , resident evil outbreak is dead on arrival .
it does not securely lock the blade in place .
it stuck out and would not clamp down .
i have had several different kinds of food processors .
if your bread is slopsided watch for drafts .
i bought this case for my canon a70 .
i recommend a try before you buy approach .
worked great and we enjoyed perfectly cut fries .
ive had this happen before to a blackberry .
i definitely will not be purchasing these again .
made to fit almost makes this worth the price .
thanks again to oxo for another great gadget ! .
this morning it stayed off about 10 minutes .
i see no reason to pay the big bucks .
i did not feed this to my dog .
i am satisfied with this purchase at this price .
i have found that it charged both devices quickly .
i was so excited about receiving my exomount .
i have never had it open up accidentally .
the rail attachment is too small for the flashlight .
this was our first and last nancy drew .
i prefer either stove-top dripolator coffee or percolated .
not much to go wrong with it though .
the most often used bowls in our house ! .
however , one very important thing you should know .
we make coffee every day - sometimes two pots .
we bought this for our son 's 1st birthday .
buy the bc hard case combo instead of this .
this fits and looks like the original cover .
it 's well designed and equally well thought out .
my 65lbs pit mix is and extreme chewer .
i have had a bunch of drip coffee makers .
this was a replacement for the bluetooth i lost .
this is a good case for the money .
they are an excellent addition to my htc rezound .
4 out of 5 stars for non replaceable battery .
maybe i am not putting the right settings .
this is the third jawbone , i have owned .
i honestly bought it for its great smell .
she tells me that it is performing well .
one for vegetable oil and one for olive oil .
you need to clean these units after each use .
it is much harder to freeze an enemy .
i mean straight out of the box perfect .
i 've been very pleased with this wall charger .
perfect size for orange juice or iced tea .
this thing is amazing - i love it .
they 're good for calls and some music listening .
shun are the best knives i 've ever owned .
even for med-soft cheeses like cheddar or jack .
the stem made these an easy choice for me .
bought them to replace a keychain flashlight battery set .
i have faith in speck like always never fail .
i recommend you to buy a back up battery .
i gave up and went to the hardware store .
they came fast and were put in use immediately .
i purchased this locally , and tried simple set-up .
my last pot purchase prior to this was all-clad .
the first one lasted about 1 1/2 years .
this cable is really convenient for side charging ports .
this bread knife works well and is very inexpensive .
but the pee causes a huge gummy mess .
not to mention it was n't a cute color .
totally cheap ! it is already in the trash .
this is the best new item on the market .
i purchased this item for my iphone 4s .
however the materials were n't exactly the best choices .
lots of joke review on this , it seems .
at first i thought it was a bit bulky .
they released perfectly with a spritz of cooking spray .
came as advertised and in perfect working condition .
not having to track down bags will be nice .
i 'd rather spend the time making my own .
this literally feels like my blood is almost boiling .
if you had a love interest , forget it .
these smell like rubbing alcohol , and nothing else .
i suppose you get what you pay for .
my cats cant even light it up during play .
this is my first experience with a pasta maker .
i love how easily it syncs with my iphone .
so we decided to purchase one for ourselves .
i paid less than $ 10 for the iterm .
my dog chewed through it in one day .
this infor should have been on the web site .
this is a very small bag to start .
i bought both and am extremely disappointed in them .
i was in a party with a mage .
oh , and the delco is made in germany .
my whole face will be flushed at times .
the wide mouth sealer is much easier to use .
items it would be cheaper to replace than repair .
standard grips put your weight across your palm .
it kinda gives your ipad a cool batman look .
my wife and i bought this to hold queso .
as most reviewers have already said these work well .
the yogurt does not leak around the screw top .
my lg phone was very slim and slick .
the wusthof and henkels ( high end models e.g .
you need to buy/use the venta water treatment additive .
they charge up quick , quality products and durable .
now , i refuse to buy them at all .
i have to say i 'm really really impressed .
this is just a matter of taste for me .
at this price i can highly recommend them .
when i make smoothies it blends like a dream .
this is my first try with now brand .
this full 360 degree viewing is totally gross .
the brushes are maybe meant for acrylic paints ? .
i would not recommend this razor to anyone .
the colors were great and the quantity was perfect .
isopure will not disclose the ingredient percentage at all .
yes this is great on the stove top .
it actually worked and my eyes looked younger .
this was a waste of money for my use .
i highly recommend this item as a gift ! .
i ordered a larger size based on reviews .
taste : initial taste of this supplement is pleasant .
my pup is not so into this toy .
it was the worst phone i have ever used .
this particular lame is just not sharp enough .
it is way too small for my dog .
pit stops also slow the game down considerably .
kinda as if it had been stretched out .
it worked great one time , then quit working .
so 1 out of 4 for our family approves .
it was rich in atmosphere and very little else .
installed a month ago with moen curved shower rod .
i 've has my home key fall out twice .
about 5 minutes , something to keep in mind .
i hate it and am frustrated with it .
this is a great solution for rain/rubber boots .
you pick liu kang as your playable character again .
delivered to me quickly and in fine shape .
it is easy-grip and rubbery to the touch .
window mounts fall with heat and cold changes .
they are a great product at a great price .
better than my old one by a long shot .
i dont think it was the sellers fault .
called sonicare and they offered to replace the toothbrush .
never seen any garlic press like this one .
i started using the other one that 's left .
and the sale price was great as well .
they are however lacking in the sound quality department .
this is my second jk adams pot rack .
too bad the instructions are just the opposite .
i ordered one because of all the positive reviews .
my old wooden tray is right underneath it .
this is a very nice pan , beautifully finished .
the problem is even more pronounced if you pirouette .
had to reapply another flea repellent two weeks later .
it broke the first week i had it .
gave this a try and found that it works .
my original battery is just tired and worn out .
first immediate impression : really sweet and artificial tasting .
i wish they made one for my newest phone .
measurement system instead and returning this to amazon .
the grips are comfortable as always with oxo .
great for a vacation or for temporary living .
now my old dependable cuisinart is back in service .
this is a decent fan for the price .
none of kids like the toy any more .
this is not a game to get excited about .
they are still great , and almost like new .
this caused the contents to separate more than usual .
tallowate with glycerine to attempt to offset the dryness .
finnaly i got one and is working perfect .
these are excellent screen protectors , in my opinion .
not really a problem for me but buyer beware .
one star for the square title and graphics .
i ordered these for my daughter for christmas .
the price is very low for such good quality .
they are so much cheaper than the silicone liners .
it causes absolutely no degradation in clarity or definition .
my jack russell did not care for them .
cup and top takes time to properly install .
did n't even have to adjust the leveling screws .
my sister also felt the same way about it .
heads fall apart after a couple weeks of use .
i am glad that i found these on amazon .
we use the store bought versions made for burritos .
i especially like the feel of the handles .
it blows it is a boring extremely hard game .
fits perfect and was very easy to install .
it made its way around table and chair legs .
the races are too similar to each other .
keep your thumb on the lid when pouring .
i think you could do better for the price .
worked great for the three months that it functioned .
i have all hardwoods with one area rug .
seems to last somewhere between 4 and 5 years .
this is our second presto hot air popper .
my original review of this product was quite favorable .
this is a real , stainless steel stove-top percolator .
at least two sizes too large , maybe more .
hold a normal charge just like any other battery .
if you have to use a 22 oz .
excellent but i lost it - very tiny .
my puppy did not seem to mind the spray .
these things are like two double aa batteries .
after reading the reviews and trying the 3 qt .
it took 15 minutes to start playing the game .
i know how to operate a slide switch .
these are great screen protecters and look very nice .
this mug leaks as much as a dog drools .
i think it prevents burn , leaves light tan .
gave it to a little girl to play with .
this is absolutely one of my favorite kitchen tools .
i played the n64 version first on the wii .
fits in with the rest of my set .
i felt like i had been in pain .
but the slices come out great and very even .
the cable syncs and charges without a problem .
this is what i needed for everyday cooking .
this is a revision of a previously posted review .
they sound great for inexpensive earbuds and fit well .
i ordered 2 and i am returning them .
i found ours after using three different radios .
it keeps everything i store in it very fresh .
i have two in different sizes and love them .
i got the uk version of the galaxy s2 .
buy the uag and save yourself the headache .
narrow enough bowl to get in and fill up .
2 ) cut your food into bite sized pieces .
it really protects my phone and is still sleek .
so much better than dealing with canning lids .
this thing quit working after about 8 months .
not enough smell to be a high reward treat .
but so did the glass-style one we had .
maybe because they had small amounts of mk-7 .
halo 1 pistol *cough cough* lolcons-huge system requirements .
we are only seeing the tip of 4g .
it brews the coffee right into the travel mug .
12x12 so its not too big on the counter .
worked well for 18 months and then failed .
i am able to clean it in the dishwasher .
loved it so much i wanted to get another .
i purchased it new and it is new .
it has worked with no issues or problems .
they are worth more than i piad for them .
i really love the idea of these hoses .
i give this toy a 1 out of 10 .
they make their games compatible with newer operating systems .
the fact it says gameboy & it looks official .
customer service was not willing to acknowledge their error .
it grinds the flax up in no time .
i was pleasantly surprise for the first 6 months .
good for small dogs or light chewers only .
my teen daughter finally did it for me .
wood will probably eventually start splintering & such .
the protective sheathe supplied is a nice little bonus .
this did not work out for me as expected .
this brings me to my greatest grievance with ffxi .
it is a quality item and should last forever .
frees up so much room in my kitchen .
we have had our blender for four years now .
this pan really should not be sold without one .
the item is nice and doubles my storage space .
i had always been interested in this particular model .
the case is great , colorful and eye catching .
the biggest thing i was looking for was comfort .
search google for boss gt-10 patches by james limborg .
i think that is the case with this device .
this is a brand new product from new trent .
i bought this for use with a .22lr pistol .
to me this was/is unacceptable.stay away from this product .
we do not remove reviews because they are critical .
well pleased , high and surprising quality for price .
these erasers fall apart after one or two uses .
first , the anonized aluminum heats quickly and evenly .
saves a lot of time kneading by hand .
this actually works well for both of my cats .
for the price i expected a much better product .
i wore size 11 in the santa cruz .
transmits one of the weakest fm signals ever .
everything is ready to dump into the salad bowl .
i got a good deal on it thru amazon .
i thought this would be a good product .
this little microwave pot does it exactly right .
the brewing is fast and just the right temperature .
i got the soft cover to help protect it .
no more cutting into meat to check it .
in this one area the plantronics was better .
even with iogear tech support it is useless .
then i had theidea of trying an electric knife .
this filter is compatible with a plethora of filters .
this will probably not hold up for everyday wear .
will order it from qvc from now on .
instead it expands beautifully for a great rich foam .
all three knives are worthy of 5 stars .
the design blades offer various choices in decorating .
after motor cooling down i can reuse it .
this is the first slr lens i ever used .
this was recommended on a site for butchering chickens .
probably cable or something does not have enough power .
the edgecraft is also heavier than the waring.7 .
i 'm not taking a risk with my family .
the sound is ok but nothing to rave about .
i would recommend this for a simple fast sandwich .
changing of the bag is easy and mess-free .
you attack and beat and attack and beat .
lastly soap and water cleanup is a breeze .
the one i received only goes to -30f .
this bar has 265 calories and 135 from fat .
but again - this is just my thing .
i bought this in bulk - big mistake .
if you pinch silicone it should n't change color .
a few of the spoons have ugly black pitting .
i think this will last many , many years .
i bought this phone and was very pleased .
it is the best cooking timer i have used .
the router has to be reset every day .
this is my pet peeve with all video games .
however , i think escada magnetism is much better .
quite simply the very best angel food cake pan .
the product that i received was terribly sub-par .
do yourself a favor and find a new brand .
and there are no drywall anchors with this thing .
very thin , does not hold in your hair .
perhaps this particular model simply is not robust enough .
also can be used to prep foods for cooking .
i have this set and they really are great .
worked from day one and is still going strong .
she instructed me on what equipment she needed .
easier to fit veggies around a chicken or roast .
these good grips measuring cups are no exception .
so basically they assume you want dumbed down content .
this case did a good job protecting his phone .
i find a longer bladed knife too unwieldy .
but it still looks really good n such .
this measuring cup works like every other measuring cup .
i purchased the grinder for a friend in mexico .
it is like white out for the face .
i guess there is no improving on perfection .
it is like black tar without any flavor .
we have had this cover for a while now .
egm actually gave it two 0.0 and a 1.5 .
this was the perfect size for my kitchen drawer .
exactly what we wanted for a good price .
scrub gently with veggie brush and it cleans easy .
also my face felt greasy and not clean .
easy to clean and doesnt feel or look cheap .
she has had nothing but problems with this phone .
i just vacuumed with it for the first .
skip the scalding phase if using pasturized milk.4 .
i actually cook in it 4-5 times a week .
they cut the meat and do n't tear it .
my garmin nuvi 660 has better bluetooth audio quality .
i also spray pans and grills and bread ! .
good dish rack with a solid and roomy construction .
so there really isnt much there to expect .
all my mobiles are/were protected with this exceptional products .
i ca n't get over the taste or smell .
this whisk is comfortable to use and attractive .
they started burning out in less than a month .
i 've had this for a couple years now .
is so expensive to run , so got this .
indicators that let you know the battery charge level3 .
it is useful gadget for a bread lover .
i love my 4 cup glass measuring cup .
very inexpensive , so one should not expect much .
absolutely would never buy this stuff again , ever .
fits perfectly and protects the phone really well .
a beauty book convinced me to try this .
this was perfect addition.i love the different sizes .
especially not the vortex.the hunter is also quiet .
i would not recommend this item for anyone .
it 's perfect for my kids in the morning .
this gives it a hard , deep black layer .
vpn access to my job was a joke .
it works well and the color is very nice .
kitchenaid did allow the warranty to transfer with it .
these gloves are very thin and a bit small .
these cables are well-built and do what is advertised .
i really loved this when i first got it .
cleans much easier than any we have owned .
the 3 mp does n't give enough picture quality .
you might take a little less time or more .
later , i found krusty waiting there as well .
seems like the script is writed by moron childs .
sent it to his corporation in his name .
this product is far more attractive than useful .
it easily dispenses soap and scrubs tough-to-clean substances .
the flat , wide band is begging for curves .
it was - despite recommendations - the wrong filter .
my sleeping bag fit easily in the compartment .
there is no cutout or access for the led .
that 's what i will be going back on .
enfamil infant is characterized by choline and dha .
it holds an edge for a long time .
moral : wear shoes while you make ice cream .
i tried again and the same thing happened .
engraved markings to use with the right food group .
the hole in this new ball is much larger .
this headset is exactly as described by the manufacturer .
in my case that was a good thing .
the dual core processors make the phone fly .
these things are about 5 sizes too huge .
this one works great & is a rapid charger .
i bought these for my dogs raw food .
listen to your customers and quit putting out trash .
this toy broke the first day we owned it .
four and a half stars for this one .
thanks goodness pyrex still makes glass measuring cups .
i guess you get what you pay for .
buy anything else instead of this piece of garbage .
i got the metal one thinking that it would .
looks to be identical to the original gasket .
it turns me right into the driveway i need .
this repellent does n't seem to work at all .
i am a big fan know screen protectors .
way to much money for what you get .
these two heating pads are going right back .
i had been looking for a one-piece pan .
i use these when i ride my bike .
i read the instructions , which are ridiculously easy .
very slim and attractive footprint so to speak .
very small footprint on the counter as well .
these had a strong smell and stained their paws .
the other reviewers said the hedgehog is durable .
do n't kid yourself into buying non-name brand belts .
they still have a long way to go .
dries down to an overtly feminine floral/vanilla base .
it is well made and easy to clean .
i got this one and it is the best .
so far so good with this coffee pot .
the tortillas look so pretty with dip in it .
that made the fitting just a little bit off .
this made my hair even more dirty looking .
so at least it has that going for it .
i used it the same day i got it .
so i guess it does n't work for everybody .
they seemed to be too narrow for her .
i do n't understand how these others say differently .
gives fiber to the food and he likes it .
not ergo friendly at all , waste of money .
thus , the pot holds the lid for you .
i do judge a perfume by its packaging .
have had to have spring reset it twice .
be careful if you decide to use this .
no where to go , no where to hide .
now everybody has one sitting on their counters .
i recommend it to everyone who loves baking .
i gave the orange-flavored sublingual source naturals 5 stars .
they really work great with my both my phones .
so far i have loved my lg products .
always scrub with something made for nonstick cookeware .
chicago cutlery steak knives are not the best .
every song fades away after about 5 seconds .
it is safe with two over pressure releases .
these are a great set for a starter/college student .
this just does not feel like a quality product .
we received this as a gift last year .
this air purifier is lightweight and works great .
i really prefer using glass measuring cups for liquids .
this coffee grinder is just perfect for my needs .
this is my biggest problem with this toy .
this is the 2 ronco rotisserie we have bought .
these are larger than i thought they would be .
i got this case , and it was dirty .
i bought this thing because of the sony label .
the first day of this game is painfully boring .
the only coffee i like better is store-made starbucks .
i would n't waste my money again on this .
he runs away from this because of the odor .
for this size this is a great deal .
i bought this one because the measurements were smaller .
it had been acting up for a month .
you can even tell you have it on .
i think scotties would fit in that category .
everything is designed so well to perform its function .
had problems with these things from the start .
it will last many years i am sure .
it is difficult to push the vegetables through .
it was a waste of my time and money .
i didnt get what i was expecting to come .
i 'd use this mostly to make apple pies .
this grater is sturdy and works extremely well .
this is a must for serious athletic activity .
i was excited about the potential of this game .
too bad that it just wo n't stay put .
i tried these for the first time last night .
however , it works fine the way it is .
i am a complete convert to cast-iron cooking .
easy one of the best sounds clear and loud3 .
i 'm not satisfied with the product at all .
the locking system is counterintuitive and not user-friendly .
toxoplasmosis has been linked to death in sea otters .
our daughter angela however was singing a different tune .
good for my ipod and ipad.will use when traveling .
i can not say enough good things about it .
this waffle iron makes great , crispy thin waffles .
it really work protecting the screen from scratches .
i can confirm that those two work fine .
going back to loreal sunless or banana boat .
it 's very powerful and does its job well .
my allergies are n't flaring up as much either .
no need to sync with your pc or mac .
was having problems syncing it with my hr watch .
she doesnt dance she just moves side to side .
i can get access to the phone pretty quickly .
when that happens audio quality is pretty good .
i like the smallness and shape of it though .
title says for two dogs up to 25 pounds .
the htc one is a great looking phone .
the graphics of this game are absolutely beautiful .
there 's aliasing of high notes when playing mp3s .
i like the eq and the sound altogether .
much better the plastic kind that break so easily .
props to this company for not doing that .
the pictures online do not show the new design .
it disconnects anywhere from instantly to several minutes .
over time , it will be worth the effort .
blades are sharp and job is done quickly .
got this because it matched my red kitchen decor .
perfect for that block of parmesan in your fridge .
henckles 4 star ii and this 10 inch shun .
next time i 'll just buy the big box .
i ordered this for my daughters girl friend .
they are made of plastic and feel very fragile .
perhaps my skin just disliked something in the bar .
going 70-80 isnt fast for a race game .
my husband and i really like these coolers .
these do the trick and they seal very well .
first thing i made yesterday was candied sweet potatoes .
i bought 2 and find them very useful .
sorry but these chuxs are not worth the money .
this product true in color fits phone perfect .
but just like sugar is not the answer .
i hope amazon 's standards have not been lowered .
other than that , i love my grill pan .
make sure you squeegee the solution out really well .
every campaign has only one map and mission .
use a dark roast bean and follow the instructions .
the cast iron brings out flavors in the food .
you do need to find your time on it .
these were not cut right to fit the evo .
with an case on the iphone tooooo tight .
first the ratchet mechanism died after a few weeks .
amazon had a great price on these around christmas .
the d is truly the leviathan of the collection .
this was a waste of time and money .
that is how you make a multiplayer fps .
not a good thing in the middle of winter .
because i want to punch them in the groin .
so safety is my biggest complaint by far .
it ships with one , allowing processing 7 qts .
but not in an elegant or complementing way .
the cellet unit is economical and very effective .
the cashew carrot is much richer and flavorful .
none were near as pristine as in the picture .
my daughter wanted a wooden case for her iphone .
it really diminishes the quality of your screen .
i rarely touched it during my time using it .
i struggled with this for a long time .
simply put the entire experience with bushnell was poor .
they all love it too and use it weekly .
this product is just not working for us .
looks like a great product for a st .
thinly sliced or julienned veggies are now a snap .
if you want a good looking gun , well .
i bought this june of 2012 for our rv .
this thing stays hot and cooks food fast .
i got these for my 18lb terrier mix .
so i am experimenting with taking filling out .
it has a 15 year warranty on defects too .
maybe for a mild case of athlete 's foot .
i mainly used it to pour cooking oil .
they should thicken up the top plastic piece .
plinking large items such as plastic bottles might work .
the only issue i have is cleaning it .
right sized hooks to hold everything we want .
it grinds grains without making too much noise .
this is easy to use and very light weight .
even then it has to be fit for purpose .
however this one from amazonbasics is really good .
they work well as a hands free option .
the camera is inverted no matter what you do .
conference calls and loud fans do not mix .
gameplay is the same as the playstation version .
i never respected him for what he does .
if you want perfect go spend two hundred dollars .
cheap enough to replace when it gets too dirty-looking .
that expense is what lost it one star .
nothing special here just a good maple cutting board .
perfect pan to make cake-like donuts of my liking .
like water with an odd , undefinable extra flavor .
just nuke for 20 secs in the micro .
i used a bluetooth headset in the past .
we have tried everything to keep this from leaking .
i probably use it once a month for baking .
bought 2 of these thinking my cat would love .
very little in the way of manual settings .
the batteries feel very warm when you 're done .
i did n't even spend two dollars on it .
this heavy-duty work horse does it all for me .
actually there is no expiry time on the bottle .
increasing sensitivity and other things did not help .
this could be the phone or the headset .
now i press and press and nothing happens .
i bought these to replace my aiwa hp-cn5 headphones .
its easy to clean and surprisingly sturdy and thin .
make sure to shake the excess flour out .
also , the buttons have far too much resistance .
but , the eggplant color had to go back .
the quality is very good and cleans up easily .
heavy duty item to pass down to my kids .
it was exactly like the seller description sid .
i bought this for my newly remodeled kitchen .
i hear its a breeze to set up .
at this price , it is an excellent choice .
it fit her i phone 4 s perfectly .
just save your money and do not buy this .
or buy one here for far less than this .
was up and connected with in about 20 minutes .
they are not as protective as many others .
and yea the game has a high replay value .
i thought this would be an invaluable tool .
i ca n't say this helped much at all .
poor ssb performer.the sound mutes when you tune .
a rushed early launch title for the ps3 .
it is still quick and easy to manipulate .
i use them often in my baking and cooking .
push the container back in gently and your done .
a delightful story i enjoy reading again and again .
it paired effortlessly to two different phones in minutes .
hoping to improve their physical health and longevity .
this fan is really handy to keep around .
yup , wrong battery doesnt fit the canon s100 .
construction seems on a par with comparable units .
very protective and easy to remove and install .
it is so nice to work with quality tools .
no way these pants are either of these dimensions .
it looks sturdy enough but no good for me .
this case is everything i need in a case .
i normally regret buying these after-market car audio accessories .
i like the rack , the hight is perfect .
the gps is awesome and rivals my garmin .
then the casing fell apart after a month .
my first recipe attempt was red beans and rice .
i am obsessed with the temp of my fridge .
after using them on the computer to copy videos .
please save yourself and do n't buy this game .
i would highly recommend it for the price .
this is really a great holster for the iphone .
it worked for about 5 min , and stopped .
i love my coffee and like it strong .
whats a racing game with no car control .
it does a great job in our bathrooms .
this stuff is bad , all the way around .
not sure what to do with this now .
i have used many of these jawbone headsets .
it also seems to be leaving this weird residue .
i looked at the ingredients and immediately understood why .
to me a total waste of the intention .
i compared density and they were the same .
i usually grind my own beans right before brewing .
i was so furious after i purchased this game .
it lasted only a few hours of play .
i 've had this for almost a year now .
i have a good collection of these dishes .
i am very happy with my purchase so far .
she proceeded to tell me they were dr .
spend the extra $ to get the authentic product .
more comfortable when compared out of the box3 .
very repeatable both in grind size and quantity .
i cook every night for a family of 5 .
consider the pyro a/v link from ads instead .
that fear totally went away with this case .
this has made it much softer and more gentile .
this blackberry charger works fine with my motorola droid .
love it with my iphone at the gym .
it also makes the phone kind of bulky .
so why gouge with a five dollar charge ? .
it will stick for about 5-10 minutes and fall .
for the money , this is a fantastic deal .
i use ibd uv topcoat and it never cracked .
but usually you can put it back on .
just use one of the many flash players .
i was very pleased with the quick delivery .
very nice actually considering how cheap the price was .
it is easy to make yogurt using this .
they are fine for drip coffee i am sure .
i wish i had known this before the purchase .
i had a set from germany- years old .
this is just another piece of misleading junk .
the handle on the bodum is comfortable and grippy .
love the color and chrome features to it .
that monolith was a chore to clean for juice .
returned them in favor of a pair of sebagos .
not sure about an xt since it is smaller .
more hassel than another brand that works extremely well .
i tested the water before 658 and after 532 .
this item is a game changer for me .
it was too greasy so i returned it .
it 's a huge time-saver when toasting multiple muffins .
my cat does n't see to like it either .
grills to an even color , and very quickly .
all of them have the same disgusting smell .
kept it on 1 day than removed it .
so i would highly suggest not purchasing this .
with all the elbow grease and time you had .
belkin ups quit after about 3 years of work .
i 've owned this product for about 5 months .
super simple clean-up - no muss , no fuss .
it will be used by the recycling plant .
worked as expected although the remote needs work .
i recently bought a samsung epic 4g from sprint .
they seem to work well and are very dependable .
they cost too damned much to accept that .
i use it for hot pans and pots .
this is probably the best kitchen appliance we own .
i had one of these and wore it out .
i 've even called the company to no avail .
the memory to run programs is about 1gb .
did n't realize the tips would be like spears .
i do n't think you can go wrong here .
but does keep people from reading from any angle .
this is the best one yet for apple products .
no , not a usable product for my dog .
the game will stop to function in the future .
had high hopes for this toy but am disappointed .
puppy had this chewed up in no time .
that being said this is still the best .
i had to return them and get a refund .
this is supposed to be a quick release collar .
discovered that after breaking the box to get in .
it is easy to use and easy to clean .
they stack nicely and do n't take much room .
this delightful gadget has changed my pizza buying habits .
these boxes are okay for winter time use .
get optimus nova-71 's if you can find them .
there are just too many chemicals in it though .
i got it for $ -3 after a rebate .
the biggest fault in the gameplay is the camera .
good construction and i have had no issues .
the assembly plant is located in greenville , ohio .
this is what caused my hair loss as well .
this is a great additon to my calphalon cookware .
otherwise , exactly as pictured and arrived pretty quick .
many animals live half thier life from this .
they 're sturdy and have a great smooth surface .
my email is gmail so all that was seamless .
no need - just get another video player .
my husband was able to assemble without issue .
too bad , cant find european cosmetic in usa .
overall , a very poor design in my view .
and the promised version 5.0 appears to be vaporware .
do n't like the feel of them at all .
but its so flimsy that its hard to use .
it wo n't blend on the skin at all .
some complain that the coffee is not hot enough .
the product information does not provide this information .
the phone feels heavy in a high quality way .
i got this for my daughter in law .
the reality is that this game is sick .
i recommend this to anyone needing a pitcher .
the shoe is flat without any arch support .
i tried a few headsets before the plantronics .
with the iphone 4 there was no exception .
this laser sight was glitchy from day 1 .
it has a nice handle and cup size .
this is true for either one of the models .
i need 8 more words to complete this form .
these are very useful and will buy them again .
this is the fastest mobile device i 've seen .
and it smells funny for a few days .
do n't like what passes for a new mr .
i would now give these a zero star .
for the premium price , i was not impressed .
it 's certainly worth the money here on amazon .
sound quality is good for music and calls .
i purchased some from my local persian grocery store .
i am so thrilled to have this peeler .
making it feel like it is going to break .
works every time and the coffee gets hot .
we only used this blender to make drinks .
i call both of these i b annoyed .
i threw them out after a couple of days .
i use the medium and it is perfect .
once a year i run vinegar through it .
i also emailed kuhn rikon , but no response .
even after washing they still protect from heat .
it did work well when it did work though .
someone knew a good thermos when they found one .
you will not be disappointed with this one .
i had previously tried the source naturals nko brand .
the clip for the coiled cable is also nice .
i have had my linksys router for 3 years .
leaving off the crock was a poor move .
so i read reviews and landed on these .
save your money and check out 18 rabbits instead .
well , the battery finally went dead on it .
good reviews here were for the previous design .
maybe 3 stars because it does hydrate and moisturize .
i returned it and got my money back .
the version i have at home is the to-go .
great looking and no worries about oven use .
5 stars for the presentation of the packaging .
it was too darn loud when entering numbers .
it was firm and held the case together .
the quality of this product is sub par .
this one taste like coconut palm sugar added .
mine never rusted in those six months , though .
i am also very impressed with the battery life .
i bought this out of my gold box .
but the soles wore out far too quickly .
but use care with it as any seasoning .
i hope this helps cut down on the scratching .
the shipping was prompt and everything was well packaged .
this should last for many years to come .
i get a lot of use from both .
i will definitely buy a wooden one next time .
but there are way too many parts to assemble .
low noise rating and poor quality amplified audio .
i would n't hesitate to buy this brand again .
this certainly does protect my phone from scratches .
it is easy to pair it to your phone .
unfortunately , this unit is very robotic and un-natural .
product arrived on time and in excellent condition .
but besides that their loud , clear and versatile .
this is also the reason it gets 4/5 stars .
they are the best and made from quality material .
the usb cords are not compatible with android .
it does n't take much to make a difference .
it does just what they said it woulkd do .
the seller apologized and immediately shipped out another one .
i use them daily and run through dishwasher .
i can not say something bad about this product .
i bought a mix from my local grocery store .
iphone is a major waste of time and money .
try playmobil or elc happyland goosefeather farm instead ! .
go to a resturaunt and get an iced tea .
this soup used to be good and non troublesom .
no messy pouring from pot to blender to pot .
sucks when it breaks the first time using it .
i thought it would be a harder rubberized material .
these are great for using on your opened jars .
so if you 're looking for advice from me .
true , you are dealing with a wireless headset .
do yourself a favor and pass on this .
it works really well with my chocolate truffles .
you can never have too much cheese cloth really .
i guess you get what you pay for .
i keep this one handy under the sink .
i saved $ 8 by buying it on amazon .
i thought it was because of the signal .
for larger dogs would rate it five stars .
they are my favorite glasses i have now ! .
the plug is molded as one , solid piece .
there was no jewelry cleaning liquid in the container .
it is a coffee maker not an anvil .
even at low volume it was tinny sounding .
the coarse side is switched with the medium side .
i love a nice lip liner with gloss look .
the handle stays cool which is a nice bonus .
i despise a greasy outdoor grill or smoker .
service was great , and this one worked fine .
the pan is solid and heats very evenly .
it was june when i start using this product .
it has a soft lining to protect the phone .
originally , i purchased the white one for myself .
about a week later it suddenly stopped working .
it flaked and did not volumize my lashes .
many of these sellers are listing through amazon warehouse .
i tried every single radio station i could find .
i bought this for my son-in-law who loves it .
they also were heavy and too warm for him .
i most definitely recommend trying a different pair .
this game is aimed at 5-10 year old gamers .
this ridiculous product will work once and then quit .
went to several stores to see more junk .
i think it is ruining my hair : ( .
it really does get seasoned after a few uses .
also it is best machine for making break crumbs .
i love source naturals products most of the time .
all in all , this is a good deal .
for that purpose these lids are really great ! .
we have the larger version and have loved it .
time will tell if it will hold up .
very cheaply does what it says it will .
your defense gets weaker when you level up .
i guess this serves as a speaker hole .
spend a little more money and get something better .
even the most expensive still produced just a sandwich .
the slipper footbed must be about a size 8 .
this appears to be a high-quality charger and cable .
hard to get on and off over socks .
i bought two of these for my church .
for special occasions , i have fancy wooden plates .
i also return to the plain cast iron .
they grab and hold meats and vegetables well .
this was a cut idea but they suck .
it shattered and flew everywhere in the kitchen .
it certainly made flattening my chicken breasts easy work .
i am not buying any more teflon products .
the problem for me is , will it work .
also package contains lots of little dry food crumbles .
we have 2 dogs and so do our neighbors .
like the pitcher , do not like the filters .
digits are small and not easy to read .
there should have been more imagination behind it though .
right now she has no problems with it .
this is impressive considering how much i use it .
the phone arrived on time and in good shape .
for $ 160 it should be louder than this .
over that time my broken capillaries got worse .
you use bubbles to trap enemies in the game .
no rivets on the inside so easier to clean .
great product and i 've used many different brands .
after a miscommunication finally received these very late .
color and quality of manufacture just as anticipated .
i stopped buying from them because it scared me .
switched to tversity and even more deluxe options .
all in all i am happy with it .
i take homemade kefir to work each day .
the apple interconnect plugs right in without any problem .
i measured between -15 mv and 15 mv .
i should have listened to the user reviews .
the belkin has three times the joules rating .
a water filter reduces chlorine and prevents calcification .
this is very gassy with not much results .
there is also an oddly shaped , useless spatula .
i got this for my 12 year old .
personally , i try to stay off of scales .
i 've had back pain for 12 years now .
i fell in love the moment i felt them .
west bend should be proud of this product .
just be careful 'cause it is really sharp ! .
ok , i expect a dud once in awhile .
bromes are expensive but they are worth every penny .
they are a perfect mix of sizes and shapes .
you may see that called for in recipes .
i love exciting games and this one bored me .
i am so glad that i got these .
read quick install and book before putting together .
freeze the weighted arm in place with hot glue .
it is really not that wonderful in person .
this unit always synchs up and works perfectly .
this is very well built and very durable .
both these jambu shoes fit my feet very well .
i found it very bland and un useful .
these stairs do not fit together at all .
so i guess this antenna is better than nothing .
just too burnt bitter a taste for me .
i thought it would be heavier in weight .
it came in and was just as advertised .
i was n't really ever happy with the product .
this product says it is suitable for cats .
it seems like it would since the wheels do .
heating uniform and can make crust nicely crisp .
this product made no difference in their behavior .
these bowls are too big for our puppy .
the ivy design is so delicate and pretty .
on my chin , temples all over my cheeks .
i pop corn in under 3 minutes with this .
they still bark as much as they ever did .
i have since tried several other usb ports .
i bot another product from them that was defective .
that aspect of the game was very well done .
leave that to the ghost recon team folks .
cell phone usage was impossible on his land .
a great investent for protecting your expensive evo 4g .
the price says it all on this one .
these are really worth the price i paid .
i looked a long time for this style .
hoping they won some ergonomic awards for it .
they sent the masque and not the wash .
i searched high and low for this utensil rack .
the graphics of this tony hawk are incredible though .
this is a good charging stand for the playbook .
could never get this to do any good .
the first two stages of the game are great .
the design of this one is exactly as pictured .
this is just way too much work for me .
i have had this thing about 4.5 years now .
i got one for me and my wife .
just the right size for me as well .
i could drink a regular can of soda .
this did not engage my child at all .
i had no problem with short battery life .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
thank you for providing an inexpensive quality product .
i have not found cleaning to be a problem .
apparently the product description did not mention it either .
and it usually pops all but a few kernels .
i am the only one who bought it .
i would recommend the same design with thicker soles .
got it misaligned once and could n't unlatch it .
luckily that 's not the case for this one .
then i gave this thing to my wife .
i am so disappointed with the salad shooter .
it snapped on easily and stays on well .
this is nice but i did say unfortunatley .
this is what i own and what i use .
next time ill spend a few bucks more .
all i got from it was softer skin .
spend the extra money and buy something better .
it also looks cool on the kitchen counter ! .
try it in the dark with two dogs .
with all the bells and whistles you will need .
fyi if you are considering using this for biscotti .
my g2x eats up battery power like no other .
it needs to work better than it does now .
you travel along with a platoon of british soldiers .
very nice easy to use universal phone holder .
i 've never had voice clarity issues or echo .
they heat quickly and completely , no hot spots .
its roomy and i like the shape and feel .
love this machine as does everything i want .
good size for small jobs and it works well .
i could never adjust it to provide any help .
the display falls woefully short in that area .
but it delivers on what counts - it works .
lovely canister set , well made and good quality .
first this is not a standard sized pan .
this is designed to hang off your belt .
there are some twists in the story and surprises .
boom fell off while inserting it into ear .
no , i did not expect a gourmet product .
only one of them bent the usb connector easily .
the length however is more like a size 6 .
no complaints and i would recommend this one .
me i 'm a cast iron gal.back to nature .
it is the only thing plugged into the modem .
too bad the droid is a little old now .
i did some research and found this one .
if you do n't you will hurt the battery .
we ended up buying deeper fiestaware bowls separately .
update : the key tumbler mechanism seized at work .
not as good as the braun but useful .
i have gotten better toys from vendors for free .
for the price it is a great deal .
sound clarity at the other end is bad .
do n't consider a single tank with a bladder .
i purchased this rfid passport protector for my husband .
this hoover can keep up with my needs .
this dish performs flawlessly.i can not recommend it enough .
it is not smooth or light at all .
i bought an external charguer and this battery .
i only wish i had bought the larger size .
now it is sitting under the back seat.\ .
i was very upset and will not purchase again .
the charger hole in the bottom is not waterproof .
mediocre sound quality even to my non-audiophile ears .
i am a tmobile subscriber from tampa bay area .
those worked okay for a while , then stopped .
made in usa , so wonderful in that sense .
not a big mess and requires no electricity .
this case is awesome but has one minor flaw .
we do not even let the pasta dry .
it 's been 4 years and still working great .
it lasted me 3 weeks instead of 2 .
it is fine for what it 's made for .
it was the fastest coffee maker i ever owned .
my machine arrived at 7pm on may 19th .
except for the color they look exactly the same .
run it through the dishwasher to clean it .
i took it on a 4 day camping trip .
easy to put on and easy to take off .
i forgot just how nice it looked when new .
use any utensil it seems indestructible so far .
the description for this item is very poor .
i love it and wo n't use anything else .
i think this thermal top lasted one winter .
7g of carbs is not bad at all .
they are perfect for single or double servings .
save your money & buy something of higher quality .
multiple flow levels and direction allows greater seasonal use .
have had this cooker for 6 months now .
i needed seven more words to complete this review .
this thing is tiny but its loud as hell .
good product if looking for a universal mount .
ive had one fail on my motorola xoom tablet .
not one was interested in playing with this toy .
games plus some other games that did not sell .
i have used russet potatoes , and yukon gold .
my cats love sitting in the window sunning themselves .
i used this once to sweeten my homemade toothpaste .
thanks ! i will buy from you guys again .
it comes out even as does a great job .
this one has never made it to me .
this nordicware pan helped get me through it.recommended .
very sterdy and fits on almost any air vent .
the pump is simple yet easy to use .
2007our third pot is about to bite the dust .
this battery will not work as a replacement .
i supposed that this works for most people .
five stars all the way around , good job .
i took a chance and blew my money again .
mine did and destroyed it in the first hour .
i like simple designs compared to garish ones .
this is just a flimsy piece for plastic .
the apple taste was too artificial for me .
its easy to put on no problem at all .
and best of all , made in the usa .
overall i am thoroughly impressed with this phone .
watching the food network often causes kitchen equipment envy .
wonderful purchase it has helped me out tremendously .
i love that this had two usb charging ports .
it does feel flimsy at the mount point .
even gta 1 and 2 were better than this .
i treat them just like my glass cups .
these towels are the best i 've ever used .
i actually have to turn down the volume .
this has been a great product for me .
we were very disappointed for a number of reasons .
these are sticks for making ice cream pops .
after about a week i couldnt take it anymore .
i love that i gained that space back ! .
would be nice to have known prior to purchase .
in terms of installing/removing , it is moderately easy .
this stand works great for my iphone 5 .
bought the flair and happy that i did .
i use them to cut out fondant designs .
now one of my set of two works again .
i finished the game at about 11 hours .
the popped corn itself it very light and airy .
i bought this based upon the other reviews .
so i started looking for a device like this .
this one is heavier and the writing seems thicker .
i was bored stiff within the first 10 minutes .
marketed to kids as snacks ? no thank you .
around star 47 i lost my interest in continuing .
this product was poorly made and broke really quickly .
it is the perfect size and stores easily .
clearly , my body does not like this one .
for the price it really was n't worth it .
i felt like i needed to wash my face .
once you very tediously mastered the pattern you win .
watching movies on my sgs3 while on b.a.r.t .
luckily i have them on hand.i was wrong .
oxo products show the thought that goes into them .
i replaced my jabra headset after i lost it .
my husband has a knack for breaking them .
more like pressed meat shaped into hard noodles .
buyers be aware that the stem might leak .
it still works , so i still use it .
i was pretty excited when i got this straightener .
i promise , there are better ones out there .
we have hardwood floors and it is not steady .
the top ring snaps onto the screen fine .
this mower is for people who love grass .
the end fits over container that slices enter .
i have been using it for 2 weeks now .
it works perfectly , and quickly charges her nano .
characters leave fuzzy trails which will hurt your eyes .
it is very inexpensive and works just fine .
you will need a big bowl to work in .
10 years later , its still doing its job .
i would have never bought this for her myself .
and by very i mean extremely and totally breakable .
dust everywhere.good luck getting it in one whole piece .
there are better products out there in my opinion .
the mounting instructions could have been a little clearer .
also , having the extra-powerful motor is good too .
cleaned out the clogs and blew out the filters .
i had to order another cover to replace it .
another overpriced item from the miss jessie 's collection .
this is my go-to pot for soup or stew .
i really like the spigen nano for the record .
password protection and encryption process is a convoluted mess .
jumping puzzles are annoying and swimming is almost impossible .
it is simple and very easy to read .
i put liquid kaz and still no difference .
did n't last very long in the florida sun .
checked all connections and could not locate an issue .
and it is not going to be a linksys .
its okay , but i wouldnt buy it again .
this product does n't make any sense to me .
it had a weird after taste and texture .
used it six or seven times and it broke .
leave it inverted over a bowl in the fridge .
these are cute and the quality is nice .
sometimes a lot comes out and sometimes barely anything .
not much mess and little grease on the bacon .
i love firefly as much as the next guy .
jamal lewis retired after 6 seasons in the league .
the vulture and the scorpion were never hit villains .
i own a 3gs and love this stand .
finally enamel started to gently start coming off .
i ca n't in all honesty recommend this product .
the product description is a little deceitful too .
it lathers really well with just a little gel .
a piece of electrical tape as fixed that.5 .
the fabric had little to no stretch to it .
i like that there are 3 different sizes .
much better than the old 4 sided ones .
love nilla wafers , especially if they are fresh .
shared this with a few serious coffee drinkers .
the assembly and disassembly is easy and quick .
i purchased this watch from a public safety catalog .
one that i added to my set this year .
i gave up and went back to the wire .
takes little space , has a neat retro look .
i appreciate the quick delivery of these items .
this case is light and fits very tight .
i think they should increase the max volume decibel .
i 've owned two of these over the years .
it is cheap enough to not be worth returning .
i just needed to get the procedure down .
i can however recommend thehanes cswb boxer briefs .
it is messy either way you do it .
i did not bother with a third try .
the interior diameter measures 1 and 1/4 inches .
some bunnies will hop and then some wo n't .
i figured anything by v8 would be good .
looks like some of the jewelry is already turning .
then i started to get them on my gums .
i changed to jabra and i am impressed .
do remember to follow the unpacking instructions carefully .
the kids broke this in a matter of minutes .
i just want to walk my dog in peace .
plus it is all plastic and easy to wash .
cats tried the liquid l-lysine and they liked it .
the price is good and the motor is powerful .
there is nothing fancy , but it is effective .
cleans up easy easy to read when filling .
try the desert essence coconut shampoo and conditioner .
it is small and did not filter well .
it does n't really taste like watermelon or strawberry .
but i have the same gripe on the polder .
it 's a metal insert in a plastic handle .
they stack great in the fridge and freezer .
i also do not mind the lid at all .
the inside plastic case is touching the mute switch .
i went to a nearby walgreens and verified .
i had never even attempted flashing with my incredible .
this product is wonderful and performs just as expected .
so much for my doing business with this seller .
wen makes my hair feel and look great .
fill it up all tge way with filtered water .
blackberry made quality phones back in the days .
it is the wrong part and is not returnable .
i have a cable modem and cable tv .
it seemed like fine salt that was colored .
i was originally very impressed with this combo device .
i even tried some so called high end brands .
i received my order promptly and as promised yesterday .
absolutely no reason to hold back on this purchase .
i arrive before the scheduled date , excellent prioducto .
this is a great product while it works .
just got this to supplement my nonstick skillet .
i will use it again with cheese some day .
for the price , you get quite a saucier .
the quality on all 4 products has been abysmal .
lighter color issues aside i do like the pattern .
the colors on the product were really dull too .
i have found it easy to clean and use .
we especially use the smallest , 8 ounce cups .
but the problem is n't really the story line .
unsafe and disappointed as it came off her .
i only use my blender for smoothies nowadays .
and i expect most people would be happy now .
i would recommend this product based on our experience .
i love the color of this neck warmer .
it pops on easily and is removed easily .
it was smaller than the regular bissel sweeper .
and my drain now runs quite a bit better .
it didint stick to my phone very well .
most of the oem part sellers are overseas .
it does n't take much to make a difference .
this case was fun , cute color and durable .
it was also very inexpensive and was delivered quickly .
the voice quality was great on transmission and reception .
taking it down to one star from two stars .
i got so many compliments about the case .
i chose this one for the full keyboard .
i was using it on mozzarella cheese for pizza .
no help from support on that front either .
there are some clear manufacturing issues going on here .
some others on amazon have rated it highly .
i made mini cheesecakes and the color pops .
much more comfortable and easier to maneuver as well .
i would not recommend wasting money on it .
can put it in my purse and take everywhere .
with the iphone headphones the sound is perfect .
i am so surprised by hartz on this one .
the display is big , bright and crystal clear .
unfortunately my boxer destroyed this in 1 hr .
i used my site access card with rfid transmitter .
the hard plastic on both sides was annoying .
all the pictures are useless and lacking quality .
the person i gave it to loves cheese .
my family eats pizza at least once a week .
i had an oxo push-type spinner before this one .
i would say please do n't buy this product .
exactly what i needed for my popcorn popper .
this thing was a complete waste of money .
much more convenient than buying an extra battery .
this was just what i was looking for .
for me it was a waste of money .
the audio is very soft of this headset .
uses a bluetooth earset with a bluetooth usb tongle .
but today i have to throw them out .
it is an unfinished , and very unpolished game .
i thought there was an extra stock pot included .
this is a very durable and good looking tablecloth .
i used the build-in laser pointer for my presentation .
and when i say solid , i mean solid .
and i am rarely disappointed in anything amazon .
my german shepherd did n't think much of these .
i will not be ording any more of these .
this is a great vacuum for the dorms .
it works well and a really great price .
it made my stock headlights quite a bit brighter .
it 's sleekly designed with only three easy-to-clean pieces .
4 stars because i have n't used it yet .
each glass size ended being exactly what i like .
i stopped eating them and my sugar cravings dissapeared .
would have preferred no sticker and no odor .
this has been very useful for me to have .
i can not tolerate the herbs in this formula .
5 days later there was still some ice .
perfect for when he 's at work in construction .
i purchased one for them and one for me .
none of our 6 cats have played with it .
this little sweeper is great for a quick pickup .
same story when i visited a calphalon retail store .
the overall look of the unit is fantastic .
you will get 6 small espresso sized cups .
we were pleased to see that there was n't .
i am not a fan of this particular product .
if you like black licorice do not order this .
this skillet is heavy but well worth its weight .
it simply accentuates how terrible the flavoring is .
i have ordered these exact sweat pants before .
but this item is great for making cappuccinos .
the presentation box was a nice finishing touch .
been looking for this for quite a while .
it fits very well in my camry air vent .
my order arrived promptly and in good condition .
the pots and cooking utensils are far too small .
i love the ease and the end result .
i did n't really care for the multiplayer either .
this iphone case arrived better then the photos showed .
have not had an opportunity to use it yet .
that one part operates the flow into the carafe .
i did not like the look of the leather .
i looked around and lodge has the best price .
my daughter tried these on and immediately hated them .
although it does , it is minimal at best .
but they vary greatly in how well they perform .
none of the others on the market do that .
but so far the others is still ok .
quiet sweaty and hard to stay in place .
the phone button rattles a little when running .
it dried out my face quite a bit .
i tasted it myself and it does taste terrible .
my hair still came out with yellow in it .
otherwise look for something worth your time and money .
see my images for examples of the reflections .
the thumb lever broke rendering the item completely useless .
it is like your own small stone oven .
you let me down with this product philips .
i made amazing spaetzle with it last night .
good to have an extra in my travel bag .
i started wearing eccos on the golf course .
i have had good luck with the honeywell humidifiers .
it just slides across without the wheels moving .
this particular case never snapped fully upon arrival .
wow.not good.and the product is so-so at best .
good fit for what we are using it for .
better than the cheaper covers that peel off .
truly as the man said garbage in a bottle .
i highly discourage anyone considering buying this product .
this is an excellent saucepan for everyday cooking .
the amazon photo of this is slightly wrong .
i love this and use it all the time .
rub the stock down with 0000 steel wool .
the water tastes so much better using this pitcher .
then you 'd have to take it back apart .
the ground coffee container is way too small .
this vacuum was not designed to clean large areas .
the bag itself is strong and very big .
i returned it four days after i bought it .
i will continue to look for something better .
the lid is kinda flimsy and dents easily .
problem is the up volume button stopped functioning .
product fit phone as described and works the same .
handle is sturdy and the finish is nice .
i use all five spatula 's almost every day .
i threw them out after i got some hanes .
other cats might like these , banjo did not .
not too bulky like other heavy duty covers .
it has never worked correctly from day one .
no clay or anything to mold a basic volcano .
within 3 months this thing stopped powering on .
this is supposed to be a lightly flavored drink .
ordered them november 18th , and its december 9th .
i understand coca cola has bought zico out .
did not use but 3-4 times and threw away .
the 2qt and 1.5qt sauce pans are just fantastic .
they do n't show that these are 2-dimensional bones .
this is pretty much not worth the money .
putting it on my face made me nauseous .
i would not recommend it because of that .
looks good despite have n't used it just yet .
i am so tired of fighting with it .
arrived on time and fit my i-phone perfectly .
i have a 3 year old fiberglass kohler tub .
this one is perfect for cooking for a family .
i returned this product immediately after opening it .
these were a big flop in my house .
that certainly was unexpected since it tastes so weak .
i got it for christmas and have no complaints .
the problem is with the drivers for the tu-s9 .
i use this as a pantry for my kitchen .
this case was extremly cheap and well made .
i never thought fireworks could be this boring .
seems to be durable after about 6-months of use .
it will easily truss up a 25 pound turkey .
this trimmer worked great the first few times .
on normal though it starts to get interesting .
it worked fine until about a month ago .
i found the operation of this device somewhat confusing .
we were happy enough to buy another one .
i ordered several projects from the motions hair line .
here , you must use unwieldy guns and vehicles .
i would recommend if you like how it looks .
these knives have literally changed my outlook on cooking .
both times everything came out nice and clean .
and more importantly the pan cleaned up easily .
so these work nice for what i wanted .
the sound on this product is actually really good .
this was not the best littler for me .
the other person can not hear me at all .
after my hair dries , it looks smoothed down .
but it 's certainly ample large and sturdy enough .
frankly , it is one of my favorite things .
i chalk this up to poorly optimized code .
very disappointed and wo n't be ordering this again .
can easily handle even the 2 gallon size .
this phone handles calls and data requests very quickly .
within a few days my butter had black spots .
it is a basic scale sutiable for many tasks .
the antique white has two different table settings available .
all it did was smear the dirt around .
i ca n't even tell they are on there .
now i can eat even more banana bread ! .
very good feel for the product , works amazingly .
too much water yields a gloppy , sloppy mess .
i highly suggest staying away from this product .
the bosses are the worst i have ever encountered .
yes there are a number of different grains inside .
obviously costing more does not equate to tasting better .
durable product with good design and ergonomic features .
for half the money you get a better mr .
it is sturdy and comes in different colors .
otherwise great product and fast delivery from the seller .
i use it primarily for soups and stews .
this stand mixer is great for making breads .
i will wash again and give to my granddaughter .
this mixing bowl is nothing out of the ordinary .
be very careful when pouring this out ! .
sharp cat nail clippers do the job nicely .
these are not what i was looking for .
i have not found this to be true .
i consider myself a victim of this product .
not the greatest quality phone cover out there .
i bought his based on the great reviews .
it 's easy to use and easy to clean .
long spiral waves are pretty on a teenage girl .
this item is definitely a good call from rim .
shakes easily if the legs are not tight secured .
the battery cover on mine fits very loosely .
i havent used it for other things yet .
isincerely apologize for the inconvenience experienced by you .
in the case of hard drive mp3 players .
out of six pairs i only have two left .
this takes just less than 1 cup of batter .
while they were working , my wife loved them .
the cups are thick stainless steel , very thick .
connects to ipod without problems and stays connected .
just more painful than it needs to be .
was unusable for me on my toshiba laptop .
this one comes out of my cabinet almost daily .
i ordered twice these stylus as i like them .
it seems to work fine above 0 though .
for some reason , no one follows you in .
i have no negatives after 6 months of use .
most importantly the cap screws back very easily .
not impressed with the markers that came with it .
a super product for one or two people .
this method reduces the foaming aspect of dried legumes .
i bought this protector mainly for the back protection .
and wind waker is the worst zelda game made .
god.a perfect cup of coffee on my second try .
the size is nice and the wells are deep .
i 've had this dvd/vcr combo for two years .
this anker just will not take a charge .
i bought a new chassis for my r700 .
the worse thing about these headphones is the comfort .
glass is also safer to microwave than plastic .
but then i have never tried a heavier iron .
at first i really loved this sleep mask .
the grip is even hard for me to use .
different than any silicone spatula i have ever found .
its a very strange concept at best.and the battles .
fairly light weight but also strong and well-built .
this makes a great addition to the package .
would by a second if i had more knives .
chinese sizes are much smaller than american sizes .
the pan is light and easy to manage .
it never once fried my hair like this did .
first , all parts fit my bialetti unit perfectly .
this little gem has seen me through a lot .
your vet will tell you too.shame on mother hubbard .
wish they had contored it for easier grip .
i like its heft and evenness of cooking .
i eagerly grabbed my hairspray and followed the directions .
i would say the are brittle , not durable .
was very disappointed in the size of these eggs .
there is no way that these are real gold .
this phone is a multitasking , 3d gaming champ .
this last time i may resort to superglue .
my suggestion is to get a d-link medialounge .
i hunt and love to eat fresh sausage .
bought this for my sister approx 7 years ago .
you ca n't fit the sony h20 usb/audio cable .
you expect the description from the seller to accurate .
the mid range seems to be a little weak .
the original bottle with strong scent but effective .
my advice , plan on buying some separate cords .
i give it points for having a fine tip .
the price is good for what you get .
i had a turbo aire fan back in 1991 .
i remember seeing these in vacation rental homes .
i am just as satisfied with this one .
the smaller bowl fits inside the larger one .
i would consider investing in one of these .
ca n't believe i used this for so long .
the icarrier kept our ipad running all day .
this is a much cheaper quality of overdried leather .
used it for the first time over the weekend .
but what a disappointment for my 3-year-old spiderman fan .
it did not hold up like i had expected .
and even nicer that it has a remote .
my sister said hers does the same thing .
i looked on the sizing chart and everything .
they came packed well and i have zero complaints .
i have been using armorsuit for a while now .
the size is too small for shoe size 7.5m .
this heater was purchased primarily to heat an office .
these are durable and flexible and easy to clean .
it is not intended to be air tight .
a very good headset for my motorola android phone .
the glass is exceptionally clear and a bit heavy .
do not waste your money and time with this .
i contacted the company to ask about the glass .
the old scribe tool i used had one .
however , i trusted the reviews for this item .
it works great and is really easy to clean .
this is a great case with great protection .
this unit absolutely did nothing to improve the signal .
my 12 pound poodle mix loved this toy .
came with parts broken and is very flimsy .
i bought it as soon as i saw it .
has made making cakes much easier and fun .
for keeping splatters off of the microwave interior .
not at all good value for your money .
this is the worst game ever for a ps2 .
this did not work for me at all .
sometimes you just need some food grade twine .
i 'm very disappointed but praise its sleek design .
it seriously seemed to be hurting his ears .
it also had smudges and attracted dust and hairs .
i would buy this again in different sizes .
its a sticker that removes fine dust etc .
easy to brush out and rinse and start over .
it has a single led that is very directional .
we are very pleased with the henckels mincing set .
i must remember to reorder another one for myself .
it was cheap and now i know why .
e-mail is easy to read and looks great .
whatever it was i will not be buying these .
save up your shekels and buy a better scale .
it lives in my deep freeze at -32*f .
i purchased these bluetooth headphones because of their size .
they were easy to put together and are solid .
to my surprise it stayed on quite well .
now the whole top is starting to sink down .
the unit is poorly balanced and ergonomically very unwieldy .
it is heavy duty and built to last .
when i tried to save it got automatically deleted .
do not get the shield close to alcohol .
it was cheap - and for a reason .
this is a great stainless steel multi-usable skillet .
the old vacuum had been missing the dust .
i do n't taste a very strong espresso flavor .
it is mostly likely caused by the tilting function .
there are others out there that are much easier .
my first few batches of waffles were perfect .
but if wantaction and in depth story look elsewhere .
once i stopped , so did the hair loss .
it freezes when i save , leaving corrupt files .
it 's larger cousin has to handle that job .
if your into accessories matching buy these covers .
of course the dishes are solid fiesta quality .
the professional reviewers gets their games for free .
i never saw any results as far as darkening .
this might account for the difference in user experience .
this is not the case with the bold keyboard .
i have this on my phone and love it .
no one has complained of feedback or hollow sounds .
i saw where only a few reviewers were disappointed .
organizes my knives yet keeps them out of sight .
it is dishwasher safe and i love it .
really pissed me off and threw away every piece .
people said you had to get into it .
i bought this product to try something new .
needless to say , i never received a call .
i bought this when i was starting campfire cooking .
someone saw me using mine and wanted one .
not expecting to receive until saturday at the earliest .
all in all i really like this dehydrator .
first of all they were always going late .
not really a good fit something seemed off .
no need to enter the default 0000 password .
i could n't be more pleased with this purchase .
i read the reviews and was very impressed .
nothing particular to note as huge positives or negatives .
but bona ended up being a nightmare for us .
this significantly improves the web browsing and gaming experience .
pour milk into yogurtcantainer that comes w/ set.7 .
nba2k1 is far , far superior in every aspect .
i really have nothing negative to say about it .
i will never buy another linksys product now .
once it breaks , the whole pencil is unsalvageable .
it was *always* hand washed too.do n't buy these .
the lid helps retain the temperature of the contents .
nice graphics and use of real life players .
it 's great to have flowing water for cats .
this handle mitt is a godsend for my hands .
due to poor quality thule is dead to me .
i like that it truly wraps around the phone .
all in all , a very nice inexpensive appliance .
will buy a different brand , with round handles .
i own a hoover vacuum and now this .
i was very under impressed with this hair dryer .
pristine herbal touch - the only authorized seller .
bought this toy for my 2 year old daughter .
i was truly disappointed when i opened this package .
i get about 20 cups from 1 lb .
now , it will not load a cassette anymore .
generally speaking the design is a good idea .
this cable does not charge the ipad 3rd generation .
especially lugging it around drills and/or deployments.rear hinge .
i recommend to keep your droid looking new .
i believe that they fixed that design flaw .
i will never recommend to buy this product .
it is a toy for a baby and toddler .
this was a nice skillet while it lasted .
we love it so far , it works great .
got heavy usage as soon as it arrived .
i decided on it after reading many favorable reviews .
i much prefer the amy 's chunky vegetable kind .
great product , works in my 2010 toyota prius .
it charges fast and is holding up well .
was excited to get these in the mail yesterday .
they use a crude bimetal thermostat on my unit .
i am still using it pretty much every day .
short cable to link to digital converter or tv .
i assumed the pepper washed meant lighter tan .
i was using the grinder properly , not over-filling .
mine broke after two years of intermittent use .
this will be my last oggi product for me .
i have only used my juicer a dozen times .
this is the one that she wants more of .
saved $ 50 by buying this pre paid card .
biggest piece of crap charger ive ever owned .
my son is 4 and absolutely loved this .
it kind of hurts to put it on .
vile filth that made me want to gag .
i was pleasantly surprised how well both functioned .
what is unique about this one is the shape .
you will have to re-apply it every few days .
plus the rough/sharp edges makes this unfriendly and unsafe .
used gorilla glue to blue the samsung earpieces on .
but only on anything but the game boy advance .
everything arrived within 24 hours of each other .
the push lever is super easy to operate .
this may be inexpensive but it works really well .
it saves me sooo much time making cookies .
the correct positions are the middle and the bottom .
everything comes out fine and cleans off easily .
you are much much better off getting lacewings .
both times the water came back almost black .
i ordered 20 of these for an industry event .
i would never put this on another child .
i 've had this thing for many years now .
i hope they will fit better with age .
it was really easy to install as well .
the mini muffins comes out so perfect and pretty .
batteries only fit in the controller if jammed in .
they are elegant and look great on the table .
i can taste the ingredients through the thin capsule .
wow is the only thing i can say .
all the knives now have a razor sharp edge .
i juice 2 lemons every morning with it .
it is so easy to clean as well .
i never break the egg yolks with this one .
it was kind of ruff and it still smelled .
the bolts have infinite range and explode like grenades .
i think this will end up in the trash .
their are some really odd looking weapons and armor .
we will look for a more hardy juicer .
i bought 2 by mistake so what a waste .
they nest nicely and feel substantial in the hand .
i dislike the pole because of the string .
i will purchase a different brand going forward .
i will never use a drip coffee maker again .
the loops stop any accidently lost or intentional disappearance .
i have had two of these over the years .
makes the best whipped cream in no time .
the quality is low the rubber inside is garbage .
i recently purchased this & i love it .
grace young uses something similar to this but larger .
ground up the peanuts for a thai dish perfectly .
might as well use cherrios or puffed rice .
our dogs are not happy with this food .
the email acknowledging my order came four days later .
they are all metal , including the bottom part .
it 's easy to store and looks pretty cool .
not sure if it is defective or just awful .
the lighting greatly enhances the dark and sinister atmosphere .
everyone raved about the smell in the reviews .
he liked it so much i bought another .
was not too difficult to put together , either .
i find that my signal goes up and down .
the heat is nicely distributed and allows slower cooking .
i get a lot of complements on it .
the plantronics 510 is very loud and fits well .
i did n't think the germans were so sloppy .
there is a bell which rings a few times .
i donated it to our church 's rummage sale .
i had high hopes for this travel mug .
this cable will not give you hd i.e .
i did not find any negatives for this product .
and is was over priced even for lego .
ca n't reach a person at the rival website .
they feel heavier and tighter than the s9s .
i bought these and do not regret them .
in some cases that is fun and exhilirating .
doens't block tar as effectively as other products .
this vacuum is an excellent value for the price .
the camera views are so crazy..you have four .
the flexible turner is a bit too flexible .
it activates siri but the party ends there.4 .
the product arrived in a flimsy , thin envelope .
i have a 5s and it works perfectly .
the base opens like a tripod for stability .
mine did n't work right out of the box .
good quality , very heavy and easy to clean .
i use it all the time and recommend it .
my co-workers thought i was crazy for doing it .
this replacement is a nice cheap repair fix .
i can not in good conscience recommend spanx bras .
it surely does extract the dirt and hair .
they also stored easily in my kitchen drawer .
there is no option for replacing the battery .
not even a single person mentioned it being spicy .
i really wanted to love the v reader .
new trent did a fantastic job with this product .
yes , i am going through an audio receiver .
this is a waste of time and money .
but for the price its a good deal .
it works perfectly , and the price is right .
not much to say about a sponge holder .
cooks evenly and presents well for all occasions .
and the company does not pay return shipping .
great ! is now our favorite spatula also .
doubt i will waste any more time with this .
ut so are a lot of cheaper brands .
the recipe needed either more liquid or more fat .
again , not a huge deal.this is otherwise fantastic .
i recommend all his vitamins but not these .
i prefer the texture of steel cut oats .
frustrating cause i love the look of this case .
i have bought more and now have about 6 .
they just need some way to adjust the fitting .
guess i can wear them in the garden .
you can also use fresh or dried flowers .
perhaps a hook for the measurements would be nice .
i wanted a good and effective fixed adjustable stand .
havent been back to speck again for anything since .
now i would n't want to be without it .
my toddler loved it and immediately started playing .
thank you for this amazing product ! vera delong .
it does a decent job of salting the popcorn .
the weakness is the touch is not too intuitive .
sony did a good job with this product .
i 'm warning customers to not buy this game .
therefore i created my own perfect solution.you will need1 .
my advice is to pass on this one .
this was not what i expected way too bulky .
way too concentrated w way too much stevia .
but that alone will not make a great game .
proper use of oil prevents most food from sticking .
works as described , fast shipping and great price .
a must haveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.i love it.vibrant machine well built .
the polish went on uneven and would not dry .
it is rugged enough and snap fits well .
the product was delivered on the agreed date .
however , such a design does have its uses .
this is the best sharpener i 've every had .
i like how it protects iphone from getting scatched .
plastic cover over buttons eventually fatigues and cracks .
it may work for some dogs just not mine .
it also fit perfectly on my iphone 4 .
not cream or off white , but snow white .
this flavor taste like beans and like chicken .
first my 17 month old just love bubbles .
does what you need a case to do .
way cheaper than ordering directly thru the company .
this is the second one i 've owned though .
i honestly can not say anything bad about it .
played it once , then never played it again .
unfortunately , they just did not taste that good .
if you need the proofride buy it separately .
wish i had known about this thing before ! .
the various arms are secured by plastic screws .
it is small and stores in very little space .
the breakaway component worked great in this situation .
and then lay them out to dry over night .
they are heavy duty and will last a lifetime .
this works exactly as described and produces excellent results .
try purchasing your spices in seed form if applicable .
this fell apart within a week after ordering it .
i sent both boxes back and i 'm disappointed .
the track ball is slippery and to light .
this batter holds the full charge very well .
i started doing one eye only to prove it .
these tapes used to work ok for me.not now .
the design will fit in nearly all cup holders .
just so it would be more esthetically more pleasing .
should have purchased a 2nd one for my truck .
keds fit weird & usually run very small .
purchased this knife and the next smaller knife .
i lost basically everything but there was that pan .
another piece of fiesta that can serve many purposes .
thanks grandma for recommending this made in wisconsin gem .
through some design magic , the popcorn pops evenly .
it is not like any thing in the description .
i agree with some of the other reviews .
i found these tires to be a constant frustration .
i wear glasses and this works out great .
you will be as happy as i was .
i did the same for the flour jar .
these are perfect with my new polk surround speakers .
just like the one you get from verizon .
just do n't get too attached to the color .
it 's a great accessory with really great features .
hp has really let a long-time customer down .
cheap charger the charger broke after only 2 weeks .
container stored in the refrigerator the whole time .
overall i would recommend this case to anyone .
arrived cracked and was not replaced for me .
my mom visited and now she wants them .
sorry this is a no go for me .
new lid filled withe water in a few days .
first , make sure you have the latest firmware .
the pills are hard , almost like a rolaid .
oven mits are a must to use this product .
this is a disappointment for the djv and djffny .
not even close.the insulator is thin foam sheets .
it was less expensive and arrived very quickly ! .
very efficient and save a lot of space .
ok i loved this game at one time .
beats paying a high price at the electronic store .
i was soooo excited to get this case .
it does exactly what it is supposed to .
i find the atc feature sort of cheezy .
it was not a good fit on the cummerbund .
first off , i dislike this product very much .
not happy - hope to have resolution asap .
but i think iphone owners will understand this .
no mess and no crumbs to clean up .
too expensive for something that does so little .
i was surprised at how long this this .
the jack fits my blackberry and my itouch .
just what i expected when i ordered it .
too inexpensive an item to bother returning it .
the default browser is very nice and fast .
very comfortable boot , wanted it for rainy days .
i bought this pressure cooker to make chili .
i dont regret this purchase and you will not .
ives moisturizer , as this did nothing for me .
never saw any difference in skin or joint health .
the led light clearly indicates charging/topped off status .
great time saver and well worth the money .
i will go with valeo from now on .
there is also the poor implementation of stealth .
i used it only a couple of times .
i usually just go ahead and re-season them anyway .
i spent the extra bucks to buy a plantronics .
i got a timer with a malfunctioning led display .
i do not recommend buying this piece of crap .
normal cups do not fit under the drip portion .
the only problems i had were in the beginning .
it is easier for us to open cans .
i will stick with the more simple cases .
i did some research on dog treats and food .
it really keeps things manageable and in place .
the blades on the sides pull even worse .
this line left my hair soft and manageable .
the buttons on this remote are very hard .
but i have had no problem with mine working .
on my first try i beat 4 levels .
my bread recipes would probably fall to the wayside .
it small profile is prefect in tight areas .
this review is marginally statistically significant and verbally .
this one just did n't do anything for me .
the construction appears very sturdy and high quality .
i used this carpet shampoo according to the directions .
i like this laundry bag for so many reasons .
i was only able to cut 2 potatoes .
love this pan and use it all the time .
even my gmail contacts seem to link better .
you need to have sharp fingernails to do this .
same experience with a simple chocolate cake recipe .
i canned lots of jars of garden veggies .
my first year with my s400 was great .
not only did they fail but they failed miserably .
these screen protectors for the iphone 4/4s are perfect .
i have an old hoover quickbroom with a cord .
hard to write a glowing review about a thermometer .
but i do recommend : accusharp 001 knife sharpener .
i remember about 3 levels that were not hallways .
so heavy that it disconnects from my laptop .
the sizing seemed to run fairly true though .
i finished it , and anxiously awaited the sequel .
it does not make for a good look .
my dogs did not like this at all .
i guess you get what you pay for .
this is the best cover for the iphone .
got this for my wife for a christmas present .
i absolutely love tellicherry peppercorns , just not these .
i bought several and gave them to friends .
shipping was quick and it arrived in good shape .
i have used both stock and aftermarket chargers .
i plugged this one in and setup was easy .
meets all expectations and the cake is yummy .
it has helped to keep my knives sharp .
i use this small food processor all the time .
good working size that still fits in the dishwasher .
i would n't trust giving it to my dog .
it 's very solid construction and not particularly noisy .
did the wash and dry a second time .
product works great , charges my htc desire quickly .
works perfectly with iphone 4s and my computer .
the image quality on my tv is amazing .
bought this spatula based on all the previous reviews .
earbuds that would n't fall out of my ears2 .
i bought this based on the great reviews .
we liked it enough to order another one .
i have had this product for several months .
an extremely minor nit is the eartip design .
fit into containers better than most measuring spoons .
i 've waited quite awhile to review this product .
this occurred in under three weeks or so .
i have lost mine just want no other .
i have the verizon htc droid incredible 1 .
it fits her as well as the design allows .
easy to sneak the good stuff into many recipes .
actually rushed it in for a martini tasting party .
it is thick and the color has never faded .
it does not taste like regular sugar to me .
do not put carafe lid on carafe cover .
it produces a beautiful dense foam in seconds .
now my husbands dress clothes stay dust free ! .
tasted one & threw rest of box away .
the next use of the airbed it deflated .
so easy to put on , no air bubbles .
i 'd read that some were difficult to clean .
i am constantly putting this thing back together .
being a marksman or a brawler is n't either .
i had a braun grinder and coffee pot pair .
because it perfectly cooked a egg white cake .
but after a while , the bluetooth gave out .
spend your money wisely and on other ds games .
nothing can beat the lodge cast iron cookware .
wonderful for stir fry veggies ! for the price .
i sorry i ordered six boxes of the stuff .
this slow cooker replaced a larger 5 quart cooker .
it is the perfect size for my needs .
sorry , im just telling you how it is .
i will bring this company to amazons attention .
there was no damage to either phone nor case .
i also noticed the speaker is quit small .
the length of the charger is more than sufficient .
this has been a serious issue with the v-20 .
both me and girlfriend both have smart phones .
slide out the keyboard and it just feels off .
i despise a baking sheet with rounded corners .
i would recommend purchasing this from this company .
a cross between sour cream and cream cheese .
the price matches the quality of the product .
i got this to help me with pastries .
they are much bigger than what i expected .
i have called the technical support and nothing helps .
this sauce pan is great for a small family .
i have been using it for nearly 20 years .
they were so gross that i did not them .
i ordered a size bigger and still to small .
great spatula , poor color choice on my part .
i had also tied the bags handles together loosely .
the documentation for using this product is pathetic .
do some extra research around properly removing the battery .
it just kind of flutters all over the place .
i recently sharpened several knifes for three people .
compact enough to just throw in my purse .
i prefer to toss this one into the dishwasher .
the cover difficult to open to change the batteries .
i purchased it to store my hunting clothes .
the color is white not blue of any kind .
but this spanx camisole was definitely not for me .
i wish it was a little less expensive though .
the case provides good protection and provides good grip/texture .
sony gets a no-no for this.features : a lot .
i bought this case for my ipod touch .
the case also helps with the entangling problems .
these dishes were a hit in all three instances .
i still had to use mascara after this .
spend the extra $ 100 and buy the pro .
i settled on this because of the great reviews .
it is just what i hoped it would be .
they do n't seem to go bad too often .
i purchased the ones from the local store first .
i have used corelle dinnerware for 40+ years .
this product did not work out of the box .
it fits with your existing battery door cover .
this thing is great except for one major problem .
i thought that all sig rails were the same .
she loves to cook and she loves beautiful things .
the item arrives in a kitchenaid cardboard box .
callers do hear the background noise , of course .
a good product that would last for a dog .
i will not be buying another pair of these .
b-o-r-i-n-g.that pretty much says it all about this game .
loud buses or traffic does n't make a difference .
this game could of been a great strategy game .
this is the best phone i ever owned .
i kept the mocs & they feel fine .
very sturdy , strong and it just plain works .
unfortunately this happened 2 weeks after return window .
i bought the lodge skillet and needed a lid .
i use this as well as my electric one .
i 've not been terribly impressed with this box .
and was able to try it after giving it .
i have been using this since nov 2010 .
i am pretty sure sweat got into it .
i 've used this bowl for approximately one month .
still have my original set , old town blue .
probably the sturdiest measuring cups i 've ever owned .
the combination almost offsets the benefits of either taste .
cooking with power has never been more fun .
it 's a great timer and a great price .
i will purchase again and again from reallook .
for me , chars were at lvl 13 .
so it no longer will hold that dog in .
it tastes like a peach-flavored jolly rancher circa 1982 .
not complicated , but works and serves its purpose .
get a pump carrier if you are buying these .
the adjustable temperature setting is my favorite feature .
the further i walked the worse it got .
these do fog continually as well as leak .
the machine is easy to use and works well .
expensive but it lasts a year with sensible use .
you get what you pay for though i guess .
my party pizzas come out crisp and heated evenly .
i would definitely recommend this to a friend .
it is cheap and isnt very good at all .
i was polite on the phone each time .
the sour side is they do not fold flat .
all the time you will be under civilian penalty .
this food includes a massive amt of thistle/niger seeds .
i absolutely hated this game fromt he start .
the sound from the philips headset is much clearer .
but started making jerky for us humans also .
this unit never worked correctly from day one .
lots of interesting and helpful information for a beginner .
disappointing lack of chocolate taste for something from ghiradelli .
i would rate this minus 5 if i could .
the cheesy aluminum bracket broke near the base .
and they do within only an hour or so .
the recipients always comment on how great they are .
some bubbling of course , but not too bad .
they are potentially very cute on the right figure .
i do not recommend this product at all .
i love using just one bluetooth for both phones .
it is a well built to protect a phone .
i was so happy to find these on amazon .
bigger disappointment was how slick the new one is .
it would have been convenient if you could .
used it once and it does a great job .
another problem has been the front usb ports .
i loved that old snes game to death .
on top of that it gave me heartburn .
i guess those continual flame whiners from nwn1 won .
all i have is junk to show for it .
i wash it off with a dolbie sponge .
very small backpack , we had to return it .
i use their tropical and it works a treat .
too bad , really liked the hydrostatic ballhead otherwise .
luckily is not noticeable unless the screen is off .
i bought this product because of the great reviews .
this is a fantastic kitchen tool for mashing vegetables .
there are few choices except for this one .
the nonstick finish seems to be pretty good also .
i 'm hoping that the plastic does not crack .
all it does is punish the paying customer .
the keeper is nice looking and the perfect size .
i think this is a genuine palm battery .
i am assuming this one will not last long .
when i first purchased this product i was pleased .
it did not eliminate the mistracking problem completely .
there are plenty of others to chose from .
the brush gets hot fast so be prepared .
but only 4 stars because the instructions suck .
i pick up my old incredible and miss it .
i own a 5qt classic kitchenaid stand mixer .
to go around killing innocent people and police men .
it does exactly what it is supposed to .
this sprayer leaked and was hard to use .
it fit nicely inside of my pantry door .
did n't slide when i tried moving them around .
very cool silver and seems to be protective .
might be more useful for a short-haired dog .
and enjoy the power this little machine gives .
i bought this because of all the glowing reviews .
it should have some larger needles , heavier thread .
the transition to touchscreen has been pleasant and effortless .
they gave me headaches and made my hands shaky .
it works great with a boxed cake mix .
the game looks stunning for what it is .
it 's very hard to get the settings right .
typically i put on socks and they fit .
i still find this game pretty fun though .
why blame the phone because you broke the screen .
i do it when i can remember to .
does n't last as long as the oem battery .
atari thought so many people would buy the e.t .
there may be better kitchen shears out there .
these are great and i order them as needed .
there were no good effects or bad effects .
provides a very rapid charge for my htc desire .
they should call it dead pony rather than maverick .
at three bucks a bar it is a sin .
the blush i received at two big problems .
the stencils are flimsy and hard to figure out .
the empire 5-pack lcd screen protectors met my expectations .
started out showing promise and then gradually turned ugly .
i would not waste your money on this product .
i am all for jewelry and fragrances as gifts .
it is also fairly expensive for what you get .
i would recommend buying a good quality popping corn .
overall , it is excellent for chopping fresh herbs .
other than that the other seams were done nicely .
the 15 inch magnetic knife holder works perfectly .
we checked it using a digital and analog thermometer .
do n't know how they can sell these things .
i still prefer ponds dry skin cream over this .
the scent of this shampoo is way too strong .
this went went on without the watermark issue .
i peeled the label off several bottles just fine .
works for less than a minute before dying now .
the potatoes surprised me and chopped equally well .
my son said my voice sounds a little tinny .
bought for mom she likes it a lot .
it appears to be well built and pretty sharp .
i 'd rather buy tea from snapple or arizona .
i have trouble scoring even on its first loaf .
there is certainly neither bass distortion nor sibilance .
i would buy it again in the future .
they work perfectly and are easy to install .
but then the non-stick surfaces began to slowly deteriorate .
i got the wrong charger sent to me .
we are now out hundreds of carefully-saved dollars .
so expensive and the quality is very poor .
my cake came out of the pan so easily .
shipping cost would be more than price of item .
its easy to use and fairly easy to clean .
very cheap thing in terms of material and shape .
they could have named it the igarlic press .
we use them for everything in the kitchen .
i bought 5 and am glad i did .
get one with the largest water-capacity you can .
i returned it and got it on xbox .
i have 4 coffee grinders in my kitchen .
their sheet pans are well made and heavy duty .
coffee unit and obtain the same brew strength .
no clogging and it is still performing well .
i found the aftertaste of this product very unpalatable .
i have had this router for 5 months .
these boards warp very easily and are rough .
can recieve music as well as phone calls .
one of them just decided it was a pillow .
i have had this for a few weeks now .
the cats to not like very much at all .
but i am not sleeping nearly as well .
these are a get what you pay for item .
even more surprising is that this is dermatologist recommended .
and last night it simply quit working consistently .
i ordered the red and i regret that purchase .
great smal baker for side dishes or individual dishes .
making barnyard shapes out of the dough is wonderful .
in my opinion you have to get this item .
i cleaned out the box almost every single day .
it was just enough to cover the bottom .
the sifter does not work well at all .
i wouldnt even give this to an enemy .
i got these for my krups cup on demand .
if im doing strips duo is great product .
the tips are sharp and easily pierce the food .
i thought perhaps indian quality may be better .
for this item they are stable and durable .
i think it looks gorgeous on my stove .
i was very skeptical when i purchased this case .
very durable and total molded design is great .
i found them to be blurry and lacking detail .
they are truly uncomfortable and not very flexible .
very little effort , and perfect results every time .
it looks like you palms got a tan .
i will not be not be purchasing another cuisinart .
this is not built to last by any means .
i buy quality kitchen tools and cooking equipment .
i have not had any problems with them disconnecting .
i 'm replacing all of my plastic storage containers .
this is the worst toothbrush i have ever used .
i made the mistake of expecting the wrong thing .
they were all garbage except the noishush clip on .
this is the cutest dutch oven and so functional .
lids fit but they are easily knocked off .
instead , it comes out in an anemic stream .
i you like bitter then this is for you .
we got this last year for my daughter .
is this the british company oxo in london ? .
they are also a little stiff and hard .
it makes the phone feel cheap and cheesy .
this is a very simple and convenient device .
however , the forward position locks into a rut .
i am really surprised how often it gets used .
you can make lentil soup in like 10 minutes .
as for being refurbished it came absolutely perfect .
i own the box version of this game .
the built-in talking menu is a useful feature .
this is heavy and made of good quality .
i bought it because it says cast iron .
a great product , at a nice price .
practice.a lot of things have been done well .
i bought this one over 2 years ago .
the wilton cake lifter is made it china .
i 'll take flat soda over blindness any day .
good product and cheaper than at beauty stores .
this case fit perfectly on the iphone 3gs .
fish can contribute to urinary tract problems in cats .
the system requirements are also way off the charts .
i would highly recommend this machine for most people .
i purchased this skillet after reading many reviews .
if you really are curious , rent it first .
but it is still serviceable even with the flaws .
the other four compartments are not kept cold .
it worked well with the hoover platinum collection solution .
these clips are very useful around the kitchen .
be warned my fair weathered friends ; ) .
they looked much better worn around the neck .
this is the first n series i have used .
my yorkie is now on home cooked meals .
however , i have some issues with this case .
the only thing is they are not sealed .
i would not recommend these or purchase them again .
it 's good to see him enjoying the phone .
i enablesone to handle a hot pan easily .
this is a great pan for your kitchen .
not sure if they are closed over the weekend .
it has crappy construction and is very inconsistent .
thanks kuhn rikon for making another great product .
this is the first one that i purchased .
it has worked flawlessly since i 've had it .
the one i got kept cutting in and out .
the product works great , and looks fun too .
these stands are sturdy , and exceptionally reasonably priced .
quite disappointing , and the lack of quality shows .
it 's too loose and completely the wrong dimensions .
not as cheap as others , but high quality .
but i do wish the thinest setting were thinner .
only one or two tiny bubbles when installing .
i wasted my money on this and the eucris .
what you see os what you will get .
we followed the directions and put it on him .
reception of fm and am are pretty good .
unable to start the process , i gave up .
sleep at night has also gotten better as well .
if you like to grill on stovetops its great .
i followed the directions and saw no change .
this machine just keeps on brewing and frothing .
they have more eyeliner and mascara than a streetwalker .
the cockroach only works well in direct sunlight .
all in all a great bargain i think ! .
still wondering how many full charges i can get .
had rust spots when it arrived , re-seasoned it .
it has little to no padding on some sides .
sticking is a none factor and cleans nice .
normally their stuff is good quality and lasts well .
the screw that is suppposed to tighten is frozen .
i wish that i had bought this years ago .
they may or may not have accommodated that .
i would not recomment , have not worn yet .
i have had not problems with it whatsoever .
loved the retractable cord and loved the priced .
i was looking for a chopper that would mince .
the sheet width is perfect for our ravioli maker .
this is a great buy for the price ! .
i would n't recommend ordering headphones from this company .
seems like the oem that came with it .
no flashing light to notify of new messages.5 .
i hated the look of the extended battery .
you will smile everytime you think about using it .
i 'm also not a fan of fake sugars .
this stuff does nothing but make a mess .
this is a pretty cool case for the price .
i do n't even check for contact any more .
well , this is my opinion about this product .
it is a bottomline coffee maker with bottomline features .
i got this to replace my old one .
so far i really like the bluetooth device .
i bought one of these about 4.5 years ago .
i will never buy another hot wheels playset .
it works just as it says it does .
it does exactly what it is supposed to .
happy to give my highest recommendation to these shakers .
we use it about 3 times per week .
playing the game i could not find it .
i decided to make a 3-stage inline filtration system .
awesome charger that will work for a long time .
spend your hard earned money on something else .
it rips through bread without tearing it to pieces .
i ordered this because i loved the color .
this external battery from anker does the trick .
they greatly interfere with the reliability of the pistol .
in other words , you are on signal 5mhz .
the rotti killed this toy within 2 weeks .
they work great and last a long time .
and definitely allows the pizza crust to get crispy .
i do n't see a reduction in problem areas .
this is a very heavy duty glass measuring cup .
this was one of the first that i purchased .
it seems to extract greater flavor from the coffee .
disappointing because it looks perfect for cheese and crackers .
no experience with high draw devices like smart phones .
i have absolutely no complaints about his case .
you can never have enough cables for your devices .
broke on the first day pulling the stand out .
i 'll be getting the other pieces as well .
and last but not least is the camera .
the images download slooooooow via a serial port .
without a doubt the best glasses we 've owned .
it easily grinds celtic sea salt with no clogging .
i have an older 3gs which i love .
i would definitely prefer a little more range .
this one does both and does them well .
you wo n't have that time with this watch .
ace combat 4 is not such a game .
have had over a yr and still was perfect .
the bass is too strong and is not adjustable .
i sure hated to see my grandson disappointed ! .
spend the money on a better head set .
this may not be a big deal for some .
i rather stick with the old fashion oatmeal .
i have used other now products that i liked .
they work and are very thick and heavy/quality .
i think i should have bought 3 sets .
it has come in handy a couple times since .
i liked the amount that 's in this packet .
the constriction on my dog caused him to sit .
so i bought a pair of kevlar gloves .
not only that , but the brushes are replaceable .
my husband complained the whole time he wore them .
ultimate flexibility from 15 bucks per month and up .
save us time and make texting much faster .
these glasses are not stackable ! they easily break .
i found this to not be worth the money .
you could n't tell how much coffee was left .
i ca n't say enough good things about it .
the tv55 is not a very directional antenna .
we discovered this type of product several years ago .
the ants pay zero attention to these combat baits .
i think the hayday of viviscal is over .
the vetri chew is smaller but a little harder .
i used lemon to clear up the scaring .
i am very pleased with this little fan .
the deep reservoir keeps splattering to a minimum .
the baked bread from this machine has been great .
will probably go away after a few uses .
it was well worth it for a replacement .
but this isnt the color that it comes in .
it would be nice for other people though .
it makes your whole mouth and throat tingle .
gave it away to my sister to try .
it is well made and easy to clean .
however , i did not enjoy this coffee drink .
the rest of the quests/jobs are all repetitive .
your local ace hardware probably stocks the jars .
i just love to be a trend setter .
i even chilled the drink and tried it again .
this little cooker is the perfect cooking-for-two size .
spatula came as expected with a nice wooden grip .
will order again when i eventually run out .
my first bottle of this was my last bottle .
i was hoping it would be more useful .
popcorn takes a little longer than my old microwave .
and the keyboard is a great feature for texting .
i echo others - these things are enormous .
commentary is awful and tends to be very bad .
this was one toy i thought would last .
great value for such an awesome pressure cooker .
low level plantronics bluetooth with very few features .
this measuring cup has come in handy many times .
there 's an electric coil behind each waffle/griddle plate .
get one of the waring commercial style makers instead .
i sure hope the product is really new .
it made my hair feel sticky and dry .
ok first phone i had was the evo 4g .
these work well ! they protect to the end .
the game itself is simple too annoying to play .
makes me wonder what is in those cans .
the cuispro grater is poor quality and poor design .
i also have problems with it not playing dvd .
henckels twin pure apple corer which is solid .
they were no where near one another to latch .
as many others have stated the controls are terrible .
but there was no grease catacher or grill scraper .
lots of power and makes clean up much easier .
absolutely the worst phone i have ever had .
age of mythology is a better myth game .
i also find grinds in my coffee everywhere .
these old fashioned glass are great to own .
that was the final straw for my memorex loyalty .
my reviewers were 5 1/2 and 3 1/2 .
so glad i added this one to my cookware .
never really accurate and lost accuracy during each use .
this year it broke after filling up one time .
this product probably works fine with a sidewinder joystick .
one of the worst pasta meals of my life .
i used these years ago with no problems whatsoever .
i would recommend this product in a heartbeat .
now they wanted almost $ 200 to fix it .
still have n't had the need to replace it .
there are other options that are easier to mount .
it 's easy to clean and easy to store .
this begins that drama play titled `` norwaynick vs .
i am very impressed with them for doing that .
quite possibly the best headset i 've ever used .
i have had it for several years now .
you get 1 try and that is it .
amber sunglasses really do seem to enhance my vision .
you have to cut the cord in half .
the pump itself also wastes a lot of product .
the unit also features a one-year warranty against defects .
it still is n't right but it works fine .
i would n't describe it as a junior product .
the pan stays hot for over 30 minutes .
it offers a lot of functionality for the money .
i simply find the game ordinary and boring .
as usual amazon was great on the exchange .
the corners of the back pockets keep folding up .
worked well for abour a year and quit .
i wo n't deduct a star for that reason .
do not buy from cuisinart is my recommendation .
spend another 10 dollars and get something better .
it has all the popular colors in the pattern .
also my screen is darker in the center .
this bread box was just what we needed .
it does have many features on it side .
battery life is above average for an android device .
i did a lot of researching on good cases .
i had one it worked for a few months .
the product also has a one-year replacement warranty .
he has only used it four or five times .
changed the batteries , yet it is still dead .
i further investigated the cause of the malfunction .
this is a replacement for the old ones .
i 've been using it for almost a month .
after so many reviews i decided to buy this .
each of it lasted two years without any problem .
product was as expected and cooked just fine .
other than the language this game looked very promising .
the cats really do not like this flavor .
i really wanted to like these nut bars .
well made , and they distribute heat very evenly .
and the back of this light is terrible .
bought these for use on a samsung siii .
the weight is nice and the quality is good .
15 minutes invested there will make you an expert .
somehow i did not expect what i got .
using the paid internet service is a hassle .
the kids will play with that alot more .
i would buy this again no questions ask .
cuts open boxes great , slices up cardboard fine .
bowls in the microwave for my 3 yr .
when i looked back the first leaf had disappeared .
it may be a total piece of crap .
she much rather hear a story or a sentence .
they work great as prep or serving bowls .
contacted amazon via chat and got a refund .
6 hours later i was throwing it up .
just be careful when pouring.msr has a better idea .
not worth the shipment back for a refund .
i explained my experience and expected some assistance .
blades are safely covered when not in use .
now i need to buy these in every color .
perhaps in time i will find the other ones .
this is not just for paella and mussels .
i wish it was sold in the united states .
it offered no blemish or under eye circle coverage .
also , it increases the dimensions of the phone .
i depend on these window fans during the summer .
you will not be disappointed with this pressure cooker .
as others stated , this is one busy remote .
there 's maybe about 10 flies max in there .
this item is listed as the gt-i9100 model .
this is just what it says it is .
this power case has not failed me yet .
this is still probably hoover 's best selling model .
i will just stick with my loreal top coat .
i have literally a drawer full of earbuds .
first , the loading in this game is rediculous .
love the setup of dials and options , too .
i was hoping for a more natural pomegranate taste .
have had some grounds come out with the coffee .
my phone feels bulletproof with this case on .
i dont understand how anybody can like this game .
cups of coffee for a 15 or 16 oz .
even my garage door opener made them go off .
this thing is the best tool i have .
the quality of the enclosed ide cable is deplorable .
i use it every day for my latte 's .
texting and sms is fast and easy with t9 .
i have no idea why they are called flexible .
the butter could soak into the exposed clay .
i would recommend it to anyone and everyone ! .
they work well but are very light and flimsy .
i bought two of these steam espresso maker .
there was an earthy smell and bad after taste .
this case fits perfectly and has a great feel .
quite tasteless and they make you order so many .
i am very happy with this replacement digitizer .
they are a bit too heavy as well .
you might want to measure the destination space .
moving the ball around is great for kids .
just a few swipes touches up the edge nicely .
save ur money and buy the original one .
but with all types of products , there are .
wow super easy and everything is of so wonderful .
plus side is the formula is moisturizing and staining .
nothing special , but does not need to be .
bioshock has it beat easily in every aspect .
my actual unit was a waste of time/money .
most of them are just so ridiculously slow .
it was referred to me by a friend .
i use it every day while commuting to work .
this knife has an edge that 's truly amazing .
it 's a different garlic than grown in california .
all the slime did was ooze out like snot .
i was so excited to get this toy .
got this tray because it slid in a case .
was excited to try this but sadly was disappointed .
the product was great when i first got it .
this roll ought to last me quite a while .
so i was sold on all of these things .
the music also sounds nothing like the arcade game .
i 'll have to buy another one for home .
i like to make very large batches of soup .
it was just regular run of the mill moisturizer .
but i have no doubt that it did .
pan also heats extremely evenly and hasnt warped yet .
washing it of course , made it even shorter .
people with migraines or seizure activity should be careful .
i was not too thrilled with this kind .
excellent product for regular and widemouth canning jars .
no scratches or anything despite normal drops and use .
i received my kitchenaid 3 cup processor yesterday .
the product was adequately described and shipped on time .
my hair felt totally damaged at this point .
it 's easier than shaking it the whole time .
i hate those ones that go behind the ear .
i bought this last winter and it works great .
expect to wait more than a week to arrive .
the angle of this inside is very uncomfortable .
healthy foods for healthy mind and body not chemicals .
i ca n't believe the same company makes both .
it does exactly what its meant to do .
you might just kick yourself about it later .
it seemed to help for a good half hour .
i 'm now loving this paring knife in particular .
he rarely uses it as a walker though .
the price was excellent .she is completely satisfied .
i promptly requested a refund from this company .
then come back whenever you are ready for it .
my iphone 5s fits well on this stand .
you 'll probably return it just like i did .
this is the best protective case for your ipod .
my very fine lines were accentuated while wearing this .
just hums when the food should be dispensed .
boosted the phones battery to exactly what i wanted .
one can wisk and lift simultaneously allowing excellent aeration .
i would be skepticil about buying this again .
i do not think i will buy it again .
but if you like a strong woodsy smell .
4 cups is perfect for my fiance and i .
nothing more to be said about a strainer .
i 'm pleased with the pitcher design as well .
crafting and entertaining basicly has been taken out .
the solution ended up in my eyes and mouth .
this game is an embarrassment to the series .
it serves its purpose at a great price .
i bought this dress for my unconventional wedding .
actually with our provocation they volunteer the information .
the clip is nice so it can be hung .
saves lots of time , especially when cutting onions .
great protection for you phone would strongly recommend .
but i keep it in my bag and deal .
i ended up throwing it out after 10 uses .
i weigh the kittens continually to track their progress .
the phone case held the edges down fairly well .
got to get this up to twenty words .
the server is great for meat and chesse spreads .
so uncomfortable they went back within minutes of opening .
it is fast to set and start and stop .
if i can do without them , i do .
the warranty process was very smooth and very quick .
her husband was ready to deport her to stinkville .
might be good for office workers or common use .
set the tabs for remote control and heat .
it broke when we tried to screw it together .
i wish 3do was still making the homm series .
hope this helps you with your humidifier decisions .
there is nothing you can do correct this .
the button for activating is large and easily hit.4 .
i am totally impressed by this tiny mill .
ios appears a bit snappier sometimes with screen rendering .
i had one of these and returned it .
for starters , this is a battery operated trimmer .
only in the early morning time.high recommended product .
the d-handle provides a good grip and excellent control .
i contacted kershaw and informed them of the problem .
great price , and i would recommend to anyone .
i used wet solution included with another screen protector .
if you are into flowery scents then try it .
you know , i had hopes for this game .
i had a otterbox and it ca n't compare .
but power comes at the price of noise level .
they do n't make them like they used to .
probably not a got tool to use with ice .
this product works fine and the price is fantastic .
and the pen is so smooth and useful .
or a wok brush if you can find one .
they certainly wo n't get my recommendation or business .
this knife will be the workhorse of your kitchen .
thats about the only great thing about it .
i already had a big one under my cabinet .
the plastic around the jack has also cracked .
basically , a rash developed all over my face .
do not waste your time with this product .
have not used yet but they arrived very quickly .
the kitchenaid line of silicone utensils are positively perfect .
it 's sitting in a closet now gathering dust .
turning the phone on and off solved the problem .
they hold the grounds and the water passes through .
jazz was my favorite character in the movie .
i purchased the hoover f5914-900 after reading the reviews .
nice quality and the shipping was very fast .
an unusual gift that keeps them remembering the giver .
it actually looked like i just shampooed it .
the directions that came with the watch are useless .
we have been using this for eight years .
worked great and were less expensive than others .
i like that his expensive phone is now protected .
it fits my phone snuggly and looks pretty .
i lost one piece while driving in the rain .
the style is nice and size is cute .
you ca n't really go wrong with oxo stuff .
i took two bites and could not finish it .
not long after that i had an upset stomach .
she carries swords , sticky bombs and throwing daggers .
finally , not as much mother as i expected .
i recently started just eating the ice plain .
do n't even think of using this for music .
the truth is that this game is bad .
i think a person should choose and use wisely .
i love its slimmer design and the feel .
i recommend this over anything that is teflon coated .
you retune your guitar to an open tuning .
nice quality and wash up good in dishwasher .
i plan to use it for the holiday .
we plan to get one for each car .
overall , i am very pleased with this product .
coconut oil seems to burn at a lower temp .
pretty dissapointing considering it is a easton brand product .
save your money unless your under 10 years old .
nice stainless and i love the rubber handle .
it is not as flat as its picture indicates .
you get experience , but you get no items .
i would recommend taking interior measurements before buying .
tv shows and watched a full netflix movie .
these are definitely soft , and definitely very comfortable .
now i have contacted seagate for warranty purpose .
however , its small feeding tube make for frustration .
i do not know how long it will last .
i charge them over night every other day .
one of the better pressure cookers we 've owned .
a reccomended itemsmall enough to carry with the itouch .
some of these people had relationships with each other .
you get what pay for with this item .
i am so impressed with this little sweeper .
thankfully amazon is wonderful enough to make returning easy .
it came about a week later - warped .
sturdy case but the defender sure is better .
i originally purchased the deltran battery tender jr .
i totally recommend these screen protectors to everyone .
definitely did not work under the tongue for me .
it does a have a pocket clip though .
it has a great camera that takes wonderful pictures .
not burnt with only 1/10th of the kernels popped .
despite all this the mount does work as well .
the dry shampoo was extremely difficult to apply myself .
it is easy to tote around the house .
quality seems ok and they seem fairly rugged .
so this is deffinately the pan you want .
for the price , this is an amazing deal .
to begin with it is easy to hold .
all in all we just didnt get it .
this is only good if it smells good .
this skillet is not some lightweight cheaply made one .
ended going with platronics legend and love it .
i sure love the size/look of these things ! .
these plates are a decent size and are microwaveable .
i own both the 2-quart and 4-quart bowls .
we make many muffins and give them as gifts .
burned on cheese or other toppings clean up easily .
i literally had to buy new plates and glasses .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
keeps them clean and right where you need them .
the headband was designed to fit giants apparently .
the lid was cracked when it was delivered .
i have never minded the taste of spirulina .
i was completely satisfied with quality of the case .
changed them back to the original ones real quick .
getting it on *properly* is a whole 'nudder story .
buy a bunch at once and shipping is free.2 .
it is very similar to a bud light .
i thought the aroma was very pleasant and enjoyable .
i decided it was time for something new .
this unit consistently gives a nice , even toasting .
was a nice modem and worked very well .
there are lots of options in this price range .
but the really bad news was yet to come .
i would never purchase a rena air pump again .
you can also transfer your pod casts too .
this is absolutely the best microwave popcorn popper because:1 .
possibly the problems i 've noted have been corrected .
i found no issues with static in the bin .
using your normal scooper will not work well .
bought these for a very high strung dog .
i drizzled the frosting over the entire cake .
ordered earnest almond trail mix bars on oct.16 .
my old potato masher finally gave up the ghost .
the vacuum , removes the oxygen from the jar .
i did n't even try to plug it in .
in the beginning i had over 100 ft .
nowhere on the site did it mention this .
day two she never got out of it .
well worth it and is really what its worth .
but at least they are working right now .
choose this one and you wo n't be disappointed .
my advise to everyone is to do the same .
did not whiten an inch of that pigmentation .
i would have done better with some legos .
not much more i can say about it .
first shipment came with accessories and no dock .
i dont know how any body liked this .
the phone is very simple and intuitive to use .
the berry and lemon-lime flavors have a similar effect .
just as big as it was sold to be .
it is well made of seemingly good quality materials .
a loaf of bread comes out of it easily .
the buttons were really hard to press though .
i took it til i finished the bottle .
i will update my review if something changes .
the tray is made of good quality wood .
this puppy can save you lot 's of time .
i went wrong because they taste like nothing .
i absolutely disagree with reviewers who call it spicy .
my other phone would have died after half that .
far from such greatness as donkey kong or mario .
this item took over a month to be delivered .
this was far and away the best price .
i got no energy boost from this whatsoever .
the product quickly dissipated the foam in our pool .
the plug does n't even have a ground pole .
i was not to impressed with this string wax .
the color was great and the product performed well .
these are a must have for your fiestaware .
it 's packed with large size pieces of fruit .
the knife blades slide in and protects the blade .
this was the worst game i ever played .
a d is not the same as an h .
pretty well made , solving my purpose very well .
this is the right size and good quality ! .
option 1 - you do n't buy the slicer/shredder .
the laser pointer turms on with the short click .
many of my pills are white and tiny .
each one failed within four months of installation .
a great product that i am fortunate to own .
this thing does not charge an iphone for crap .
i sent it back and got a full refund .
but from the ankle up it was very large .
i have cooked pork chops and they were excellent .
i just constantly do n't feel good without one .
aside from being noisy , i have no complaints .
replacement costs are extremely reasonable to downright cheap .
and they held up my first cake really well .
smells dirty.polyester covering-it is not comfortable to hold .
it is slightly grippy , in a good way .
i will not be ordering apple & cinnamon again .
and this game is even worse than that .
so not worth the money spent for the item .
i purchased this from a local drug store .
the oem battery lasts 16 hours on a charge .
will be lots of fun for the holidays ! .
this smaller size fan is excellent for that .
pay a little more for a multicoated filter .
the bag has gone unused as a result .
i tried several attempts precisely following the mfg .
making water more flavorful without adding any calories .
nothing in the description when you order says this .
for turkish.mechanics-this is perhaps the biggest issue with grinder .
works fabulous and is much easier to clean .
strap started to unravel in the same spot twice .
since tho i have purchased the nylon bag carriers .
poor quality control at the manufacturing plant somewhere .
i know there are more expensive knives available .
do not use just anything to clean them .
if you have carpets vacuuming is not enough .
this one is well-made and comes properly seasoned .
cook lots of really fatty stuff in it .
i threw it in the trash , bad product .
i purchased this drying rack almost one year ago .
this book has been real helpful to my daughter .
after a day or two they became uncomforable .
plantronics could not have made this any better .
sound is okay , and i like the mic .
beware , they can be dangerous for younger babies .
very sturdy.recommended to anyone that needs a strap .
the thing probably will out last all of us .
this is a pan that you *will* use everyday .
please do not waste money on that pos .
never had a slide case but elago never fails .
these will be excellent for cooling cookies as well .
i got this for my 87 year old mother .
i would let the com be all the characters .
my kiddo loves it and sleeps the night .
it would hold four if the plates/bowls are smaller .
i 'd highly recommend the purchase of this oven .
i ran into the same problem as others .
the parallax correction on this sight is pretty awful .
these do n't stick to my tub at all .
it made the correct quantity and beautiful crema .
exporting to youtube is more difficult as well .
well maybe i should n't give up just yet .
audio prompts make it easy to set up .
the pot is well made and beautifully constructed .
i did not think that jeans would wrinkle .
group than i originally had after reading his book .
you do n't read that in the product description .
we have larger ones for large amount of food .
i have tiny hands and am weak to boot .
no , make that the old copper penny section .
this kitchen tool makes you into a master chef .
tested speech which had no problems at all .
very hard to make a tornado in this thing .
i put this into a kitchen base cabinet .
i think it will still work for that .
speedy and thorough - it does the job .
we use it about weekly and love it ! .
i removed the pedals and threw them away .
my grandson has one for over 2 years .
i have had mixed results with this product .
easy to operate and also has a self-cleaning function .
it looks like it will last my lifetime .
i was tempted by the idol lash free sample .
this product works great with my kitchenaid mixer .
they work as well as my stock battery .
highly recommend it for your average coffee drinker .
or maybe they just have fat hands.small bonuses .
that 's how a castlevania game should be done .
i would recommend this item but shipping very slow .
not sure they are as super as promoted .
we found that you get what you pay for .
they have some nerve selling it for $ 10 .
he loves not having to mess with the bags .
i do like the puck pods the best .
this razor has been pretty crappy to me .
it works perfectly and seems very well made .
i bougth 2 end up throwing it away .
video recording is limited at just 9 seconds .
i bought this because i am a school administrator .
i have used it in temperatures below 30 deg .
beautiful pot that i leave on the range .
pairing was also a breeze with the voice recognition .
i was positively surprised how well it 's made .
it heats up well and holds heat beautifully .
the belkin is much more attractive and well designed .
unless you are a diehard racing sim fan .
i like this simple elegant case for my iphone .
within 4 months , it started to fall apart .
at least i got to try it out .
i read the directions carefully and faithfully cleaned it .
product came without shipping slip , no protective packaging .
spend more money and get a much larger slicer .
and so on and so on and so on .
this one was an impulse buy on amazon .
so one needs to stop to untangle it .
and cuts down on cleaning afterwards.there is smoke .
it 's a great looking case that fits perfectly .
i thought the taste was somewhat similar to dr .
this is really what i have needed for years .
i do not see ever needing to replace it .
all i can say is that i am impressed .
amazon refunded the difference in the price to me .
amazon was excellent to deal with on the return .
we do n't plan on ever buying bread again .
worked fine for what i wanted it to do .
it will fit into a cooler or refrigerator better .
but very few want to perch on it .
but in this case though i chose the cuisinart .
i find the 14oz capacity perfect for 1 teabag .
may be used it 6 times at the most .
the battles feel like your running through mollasses .
i use them also for leftovers and food prep .
its is cheaper than buying a whole new press .
and dont get me started at the warior template .
this my second black and decker one cup .
i hang in the mid 40mb free range .
after 4 hours my face felt flushed and irritated .
the sound it does record is pretty clear .
they seem to work pretty good though so far .
it 's one of those silly things that works .
friends came over and worked up a sweat .
i smelled the same thing using electric drills .
these stickers dont really stick very well either .
it was great till the phone was stolen lol .
not the plastic painted to look like medal .
this broke within a couple weeks of getting it .
amazing ui and the phone interface simply looks great .
i was really looking forward to this case .
this one did work fine to protect the phone .
but this was an impulse buy at target ) .
you could seriously slice yourself open with it .
but my little guy is not having it .
i could wear it for short periods of time .
i ride my bike in chicago to get around .
it will take 8-10 hours for it to harden .
this item is available from several different sellers .
all your paying for right now is hype .
uggh ! this frieling model is entirely stainless steel .
they need to include some instructions with it .
i was surprised that it is so substantial .
this is a simple cover for a great price .
and can get in the way in tight spaces .
they are screwed on and will eventually need tightening .
it also contributes to making bacteria resistant to antibiotics .
the replacement unit failed on it 's second use .
you can also pick a small number of abilities .
this cap is not sewn as i wanted/expected .
however kel-tec parts from the factory are good stuff .
i havent seen anything stick to this pan yet .
no stars for bad quality and bad customer support .
we like it much better than our electric one .
this thing is constantly coming unstuck from our mirror .
look good after being in dishwasher many times .
but i decided to replace it with the same .
my long hair would always get stuck somewhere.2 .
a more effective break down of time is required .
needing a substantial well-made camera mount was paramount .
no need to find a shady area to apply .
this was essentially tasteless compared to the sprouts version .
they work exactly as you 'd expect them to .
i will update after a few more uses .
i especially like the anouncement of the batery state .
i plan on contacting the manufacturer about this .
this set of cutters is an excellent value .
overall , the package reads like a desperate ploy .
the unit is attractive and very easy to use .
i like these canisters and they are priced right .
i look like i aged about 10 years overnight .
but the terk user manual gives almost no information .
the remington ms2-390 had a reasonable rating i thought .
the price was ridiculously low with free s/h .
this is a must have for every homne .
you could eat an entire bag and barely notice .
the breakaway part seems very good as well .
it 's very waxy and goes on very roughly .
the great grand kids love to watch it .
there is absolutly no point to this game .
you will buy this and not once regret it .
the item looks to be of good quality materials .
makes working out way more convenient with no cord .
after an initial adjustment period they love it too .
i use gallon milk containers as the water reservoir .
the material is soft and my boys were comfortable .
now i wake up each morning to perfect oatameal .
lack of ambition most likely held it back .
if you 're tall it they will be short .
another must have tool for dutch oven cooking .
the original rush hour is still much more fun .
it works well and was relatively easy to assemble .
great value for the money and look wonderful .
i will purchase again when this one dulls .
same price as the large hickory smoked beef one .
time to look for a restaurant supply company .
would love to see them made of silicone however .
tremontina type stainless steel spreads heat quickly and evenly .
the sound quality of this headset is off .
republic wireless solved this problem over two years ago .
this little machine rapidly does its job quietly .
it has found a permanent home on my dash.but .
this resulted in a rather uncomfortable and unstable fit .
it makes the cream feel very cheap and substandard .
it worked with this one like a charm .
this was a decent unit when it was new .
i would buy more of these in the future .
and never forget that adults are writing these reviews .
but this version of the packaging is moronic .
this is a great tool to cook with .
it was exactly as described in the photo .
i will never order from this company again .
then 12 months later the same problem over again .
is very very good protection for the iphone4 .
i would not recommend buying this particular case .
i bought this as a gift for my son .
the strap had nothing to do with the feel .
i use this french press at my work office .
yes , even for such a small dollar amount .
but remember , this is not a macro lens .
this allowed cardboard dust to get all over it .
anyway i , will give them to someone else .
extra screens fit other phones for my kids .
i have two of these cell phone cases .
this works great and is fairly easy to clean .
i make homemade yogurt almost every other day now .
this is the second time i order this product .
color a bit darker , feels a bit cheap .
i was trying to help my dog 's anxiety .
this is the perfect case for my iphone 4s .
i bought the the large jar for a terrarium .
the only disadvantage of the pro line vs .
nice shape to start but shrinks fast after washes .
the cutting board was not impacted at all .
plus it is not very vivid or deep .
i was not impressed with this kit at all .
this is the best coffee pot in the world .
my only complaint is the handle can get hot .
this clock is just too complicated to be practical .
so the dual mic noise/echo cancelation is flawless .
they are narrow enough for all our needs .
i ordered these socks for my grandson for christmas .
i purchased this after reading the positive reviews .
i will go back to my grocery store brand .
overall a nice case for a nice price .
weeks later tried it again with same result .
sprays and advantage drops have everything under control .
it flopped left and right with every turn .
i tested mine at 47 on the rockwell scale .
this is the very first mmorpg i have tried .
i like this size bowl for side dishes .
muy buena experiencia con el sonido del mismo .
a sony ericcson may be the phone for you .
and like i said -- the price is right .
the device does n't move once it is set .
thus cosmetic manufacturers may use any ingredient they choose .
but for 48 dollars i have a new unit .
these work awesome like mcdonalds sausage and egg mcmuffins .
cleans thoroughly so no oily residue on the plastic .
it is strong and holds the flyer firmly .
the battery looks the same as the picture .
i 'll post an update if i find some .
i prefer fromm and health extension over this ! .
squeeze in the juice from half of a lime .
very very strong scent - even inside packaging .
the ear hook on this headset is very comfortable .
the product came on time and was packaged nicely .
and be extra careful how you handle the lid .
the front panel did not light up any more .
bought this as a gift for my son .
for a great sleep i highly recommend these sheets .
at first glance this rack seems well designed .
this is a really good kitchen tool to have .
ca n't be adjusted for my little boy though .
nice looking , plus the numeric pad is nice .
this is a nice product and a good price .
it is one of the best ports out there .
sometimes i get an itch to make espresso .
i even tried in vain to recharge it .
i was really hoping my galaxy 5 would fit .
it made my old juice looks like a joke .
great set of products pooled together for ease .
that is plenty for a large family pasta feast .
i really like the power switch on this device .
and i have regular size - smaller calves .
they 're not terrible but they are definitely there .
this product did not work well at all .
it worked for a few times at first .
and you can receive calls with them on .
if i could give no stars i would .
however , my cat would not eat this product .
come on it 's just a hot water pot .
he says it pulls his hair too much .
easy to adjust to a finer grind , too .
i had bought this quite a while ago .
highly recommend these for professional or everyday baking .
this iron rest is well-made and very sturdy .
i wish there was something lower than one star .
i just wished i had the same results .
adapter plug fits where earplugs would normally go .
i was actually pretty excited about this game initially .
i got this to replace a broken coffee maker .
buttons on the headset are quite convenient as well .
comes in a variety of sizes and napkins too .
25 minutes later you 're eating the real deal .
i rarely use it because of all these issues .
would definitely recommend this headset to friends and family .
appears to be well constructed - time will tell .
so i purchased this one to replace it .
prevents ground coffee from entering your coffee mug .
your character is young women who is an attorney .
this case fits factory perfect and is really neat .
yes , you can use this to core apples .
it took me 2 seconds to figure that out .
the machine is almost all metal and quite heavy .
thin materiel would not last long , inexpensive looking .
the router admin page is very poorly designed .
many better choices at amazon a lot better .
the product works really well- to my surprise .
like over an inch off at 25 yards .
they are exactly what you see in the picture .
and there are many of the quarter inches .
metal scrubs tend to rust for same reason .
it does what it is supposed to do .
i bought one of these little crepe pans .
never get caught up and always slide easily .
i got this yesterday and absolutely love it .
there are better cuticle pushers on the market .
they are worth the few dollars you 'll spend .
you 're now completing calls without having to dial .
there are two main problems i find with it .
it has very strong plastic smell almost like glue .
there are very few good apps for 7.50 anymore .
it 's beautifully built and very sturdy and shiny .
do n't think your getting what the picture shows .
mine came in from europe each times i purchased .
this space heater works well for my cubicle .
got this along with another set of pyrex bowls .
i do not find filling the water reservoir difficult .
like it was n't hard enough to breathe already .
two sticks with a piece of bike inertube .
actually , it is best not to store coffee .
never had a problem with kitchen aid products before .
the other party told me i sounded fine .
for the price , it was a decent deal .
and worse , the carts move way too slow .
not at all how i imagined it would be .
we use the metal rack and the shallow pan .
to be blunt these components just never worked .
i got this to replace my last oster blender .
have to bring it in for warranty service .
very cute case , and it is super durable .
also , if you consumed an entire 10 oz .
i have not any problems with these cake pans .
i guess you get what you pay for .
we 've moved to a steel spatula for now .
it 's made of good quality and charges quickly .
he does not let me brush him with this .
anyone else do this ? there are no scratches .
ive been using for about 2 years now .
i think they are cheap because they are old .
it is incredibly simple and easy to use .
my experience is stictly in a home office environment .
works fine on default settings with no security enabled .
it is unreliable.let me first talk about its difficulty .
we got this for my horse-crazy daughter for christmas .
had a hard time finding this bag locally .
i like the silver tray it comes in .
it 's hard to hold and hard to turn .
i also like the small size of the unit .
needed these bags for our food saver system .
first of all , forget the noise cancelling models .
press to grind - could not be simpler .
it works very nice to steam things in .
nothing comparable on line and junk in stores .
no space for anything too large or heavy .
they are also a little larger that i thought .
love this plate it is practical and works well .
i thought possible the shipment was tainted with chemicals .
they last less then 500 hrs in most cases .
i do n't want to get into vivid details .
i bought three cases at the same time .
fits my iphone 5 just fine , with case .
i was excited to give these a try .
my butler creek lens cover was around $ 9 .
at that point i had two spare protectors left .
great for the price and looks good too .
a few bucks more from a vet insures safety .
the cushion impedes the movement of those tires .
my wife could see my butt in them .
microwave in the bag is fluffier and more convenient .
the smaller indented area is for a lid .
these just keep falling out of my ear .
i recommend it to anyone with a razr .
6 years of great service and still running .
just about every picture we took was blurred .
they are very good quality and very comfortable .
there was no give in it at all .
it works as advertised and is pretty durable .
it made a lot more than i expected .
after hours of reading reviews i made my decision .
i also like a soap with less fragrance .
the first for me and now my wife .
comfortable to wear and build quality seems high .
it 's like these were factory 2nd or 3rds .
and for my tastes , it does look cool .
i needed a plug for my moto g .
i have been using this for a year .
i will not be getting these for our office .
i promise it is not worth the frustration .
i generally like dark roasts-the darker the better .
my carpet is not exactly premium quality either .
i love it.also , the sound quality is unparalleled .
the soap will attract dirt in the future .
i have few friends already had different kind .
definitely an outside/ in the garage kinda toy .
i will return this item and search for another .
imagine trying to clean clothes with something like this .
i tried two of them to be sure .
might as well shoot though a lens cap .
very pleased with this case for my daughter .
however , the bracket for attachment is nearly worthless .
i thought this would be a great game .
i really like the diamond pattern on the back .
this brand used to be one to get .
so far , they seem to be working well .
i 've owned this model kettle nearly 20 years .
it stopped working after seven months of use .
it 's easy to use and easy to clean .
for the price you can hardly go wrong .
we used to do that with our last spinner .
i wonder how long it takes terro to work .
they did this on purpose to annoy me .
i found these patches very hard to put on .
we use this for our french press coffee .
that leaves you with a total of 9 pairs .
used for about 3 phone calls and gave up .
used in conjunction with the gold medal flavacol salt .
we were both really disappointed with the discovery .
i received this free from bzzagent to try .
works well for crushing herbs and resins into powder .
# 4 filters stick up a little too high .
i tried changing the confiugration to no avail .
the roundworm is now gone per the vet .
something in that flimsy rear connector gave out .
this is the weapon of a jedi knight .
performed the functions i needed to just as expected .
it is also light and easy to use .
i use this to charge my ipod and phone .
i have the iphone and i have this samsung .
feels like its going to break any minute .
sort of reminds me of the old soda fountains .
the fabric pad is extremely nice as well .
it is exactly what i ordered and wanted .
my other 750g failed after a year 's use .
so far this can opener has worked perfectly .
comes out really dark and blurry on your tv .
way too small for a very thin 19-year-olds wrist .
it dried my skin every morning and night .
the secret to great brew is a clean pot .
i bought this to replace an aluminum cake pan .
another customer provided a link to inexpensive brushes .
nice size wood cutting board for my mountain home .
it also is not cheap to play this game .
they seem to do the job as expected .
i must say that i recommend this blender highly .
i also dusted the bottom with corn meal .
i found that the rounds tend to slip out .
more of a costume piece than a fashion piece .
this is the second pair i have owned .
have used aluminum pressure cooker for many years .
i just finished making egg noodles - perfect .
the handle is very comfortable for long use .
i had to return it for a refund .
not fresh and pliable as the first two jars .
they actually told me to call back tomorrow .
i contacted the manufacturer and after three weeks nothing .
5 starssoundi was an audiophile as a young man .
this went into the trash at our house .
works like a charm , does what i want .
i would not recommend you purchase this toy .
it also comes with a nice screen protector .
this headset is hot to wear and painful .
this is by no means a professional quality product .
not as good a product as i had expected .
not that much protection but a good amount .
i purchased these for thename and for the price .
i have both sizes and they work great .
through the jabra , sound is muffled and low .
this is a heavy duty small appliance cover .
the towels themselves were not absorbent at all .
but does not work well for watery type liquid .
its also lightweight and easy to carry around .
kept me oil free for about 5 hours .
my foodsaver was one of our best investments .
also i ran across a couple of bugs .
i love pyrex and this is just as expected .
kids love it but my cholesterol certainly does not .
i 've recently bought the screen protector from eforcity .
it also seemed to get tacky after a while .
charging time its not fast but works fine .
i would not recommend this to a friend .
before that i hand made bread for ten years .
i love how quickly it reads a temp .
the handles makes it easy to lift the pitchers .
especially awkward to use around boiling hot candy lava .
i am not a great cook but this helps .
i have had this battery now for a month .
the cucinapro has not suffered from this problem .
the original curad plastic seems to make us happier .
i purchased this visor because it looked really nice .
there are nuances of good flavor without the bitterness .
these match all my other oxo gear nicely ! .
you see the explosion , then you hear it .
i quickly found a few problems with them .
ill send photos because this case is great ! .
nothing in the game seems to use the dog .
i bought this yogurt maker after reading many reviews .
but its easy but not super convenient to adjust .
silicone so easy to put on and take off .
this should not happen with a bit of care .
i would recommend it to anyone.hope this helps ! .
ive descovered some good proucts over this journey .
the sound is high quality and crystal clear .
i will continue to adjust the tuning and see .
both cases arrived on time and both say nintendo .
i use my iphone4 as my alarm clock .
i wore these twice and they skinned the .
the presto works decently , but not well built .
these shirts were a great disappointment for me .
scan2pdf : take a picture to create pdf document.17 .
may be some barbie campers would love this junk .
this is a great , large sized serving spoon .
we 'll see if the runny consistency is typical .
i reset it a few times and kept firing .
it 's not very snug against the phone either .
tampax changed their whole design a couple years ago .
if you plan on making bho , buy it .
that third taste seemed identical to the previous taste .
when it did work , it worked as advertised .
footsmart wo n't get my business in the future .
the gems that show silver were not silver .
this works fine on an occasional basis if needed .
it takes 10 - 15 minutes to clean up .
i bake savory and sweet things in i .
very simple once you know how it works .
i ordered these from wag.com not checking reviews first .
my hair felt dry after using this product .
i thought it was well worth the price .
will buy again when the first order runs out .
it does not slice an onion very well .
because of this i had problems with this product .
lots of power & great for only a fan .
it has decreased my sandwich making time significantly .
it worked really well for my holiday meals .
but i ca n't get past the temporary bronzer .
than the unit stopped fully recharging and goes slow .
so you have this need to cook men .
i am going back to premium hair dryers .
wanted something more stable than the small-legged counter-top boards .
im thinking about getting one for myself now .
these filters arrived kind of smashed but still usable .
they help you utilize all your space efficiently .
i will look to by from amish made again .
it stopped working entirely on any dvd or cd .
there is no sweetness and not much saltiness either .
it was cheap but the cooker was cheap too .
i liked it the case was hard putting on .
i paid very little for it back in 2006 .
it is impossible to keep this knife sharp .
it keeps the coffee warm for several hours .
i needed additional cords for my iphone 3g .
this cable was made for my motorola tablet .
sugar water turned into an expensive baby milkshake .
the sheepskin was a varying length and shear .
the first one had a crack in the leg .
it also has trouble fitting in the iphones .
wo n't be ordering from this company ever again .
lol this crap systematically broke as used it .
very nice , well made carrying case for phone .
i had a question and contacted moroccanoil directly .
the campaign is as i said nothing special .
not a biggie as the camera sucks anyway .
is much cheaper in price w/ super quality .
the color is beautiful and the case fits great .
about 10 inches square and 5 1/2 inches tall .
this is not the fault of the knife .
i found the mini-games/duels to be pathetically stupid .
it arrived completely assembled and sturdy as could be .
why ? because this puzzle is not solid wood .
the product stopped working after only a few uses .
take your time aligning the piece in place .
it is very sturdy and not too heavy .
could n't get my credit cards in or out .
there is nothing wrong with this roasting pan .
the 2.1 a port seems to work as indicated .
you build your city and nothing interesting ever happens .
this happened in less than a week after purchase .
it 's certainly worth it to have the protection .
unable to make any dent in a large room .
this was a real let down on dirty grout .
the 4-cup model holds 2 american 8-ounce cups .
was told by vet that and was very surprised .
not sure if it was a lemon - .
return service at amazon is fantastic as always ! .
i usually get it pre-made at stores or delis .
but my clothes have never felt this clean .
and they ca n't help me to fix it .
a game that is too difficult is not fun .
it 's so time consuming and such a hassle .
you will not get a surprise burnt loaf .
dropped my phone and no scratches at all .
it is mdf board and really cheaply made .
they work fine and seem like oem samsung earphones .
we pay $ 20 more and get less features .
even though is cheap the look is not nice .
the guy who answered was very rude and impatient .
i need something that really covers the grey .
the steam does last a long time without refilling .
its got to be the least expensive pan available .
using the big heart to make my daughters sandwich .
you get what you pay for i guess .
just buy two straps and be ready for failure .
and do not have easy access to a charger .
a good quality saucepot at a wonderful price .
for me personally the coffee was way too strong .
this sat on the porch for maybe an hour .
this little brush added to my gustatory pleasure .
truthfully my cat like the milk carton rings better .
i will not buy until they change it ! .
great case with kickstand and great belt clip .
i was able to get it super cheap .
purchased the unit to turn off my computer system .
sending that one back to armoutsuit as well .
there is no way this is true bypass .
there are too many moving parts to this unit .
i like it and it 's holding up well .
and they have to go all the way back .
the go on very nicely , the fit great .
so i ordered this battery as a replacement .
how much more inappropriate can these dolls get ? .
the nokia 6600 has a brilliant java interface .
not what i expected from desert essence products .
then on the umpteenth attempt it suddenly worked .
packaging is attractive and functional.now for the mayo .
it is totally practical , and i recommend it .
save your money and try another garbage truck .
they are a cell phone service from hell .
these screen protectors fit perfectly on the phone .
this is the standard samsung oem car charger .
so you are essentially boiling your water in plastic .
putting on screen protector you will get some scratch .
not only is it better it is more flexible .
it 's not meant to replace a hand mixer .
this is sadly not a good web browsing phone .
i love the biscuits and so do my dogs .
i tried shaking it and it held its ground .
but even with codes , the game still sucks .
comfortable to wear for long periods of time .
they go from freezer to oven to table .
we use it when we have pizza night outside .
there are a few issues with the condor caps .
on monday the itching and puffiness was even worse .
good product as a backup for other cables .
they have a soft , smooth feel to them .
but for the price it is certainly acceptible .
all of my other batches have been good .
i use the others on lights in the house .
keeps food warm for more than 4 hours .
they are very durable and will not bend .
well i must say i was expecting much more .
i wouldnt mind if it did what it says .
the are a great deal and great price .
fiestaware was either too small or too heavy .
not sturdy enough for the bulldogs to play with .
i then had to clean each cup individually .
but it does stay sharp and looks cool .
so i just took some more of my dr .
they are a lot cheaper and more reliable .
for $ 20 this is really a great purchase .
they are very thin - no padding at all .
it works well and is fairly easy to clean .
i live in a somewhat remote farm community .
i may end up going back to them .
the design of this earpiece is a complete failure .
we have n't had any trouble from using ours .
the old cube was next to the sink .
and their device locater does n't work it appears .
i have encouraged him and he hates it .
the left side can be set for seconds alone .
used this a bunch of times since the purchase .
it is n't at all like what i expected .
i had the same experience as a previous reviewer .
i wish i bought a longer weed eater .
this is another superb product made by honeywell .
for one , maybe two people it works great .
my 3 year old even said they looked weird .
delivery was great and so was the quality .
one of the most useful items in my kitchen .
i wish i could give it a zero star .
the quality of the picture is too blurry .
not sure whether i 'm keeping it or not .
the actual weasel was only about 4 inches long .
in this brand the rum is not as intense .
let me just say that it is multi-functional .
so i use this one all the time instead .
providing these things for the people will cost money .
very cheap and not very hard to be honest .
this product is well made and looks great .
the price is decent , so i bought it .
less than one star for this piece of .
so still worth a try for many people .
item arrived as described and delivery was quick .
motorola should be ashamed for putting this out .
i will honestly say its worth every penny .
it barely fits on my black 16g 4s .
this product is way to thick and sticky .
it has an comfortable weight and distributes heat evenly .
i prefer foodsaver bag rolls for two reasons .
it is nice and heavy and well made .
i love it and would recommend to anyone .
was disappointed with the quality of the sounds .
this case offers great protection and is well made .
further buyers beware and spend the few extra bucks .
i can wash and dry without doing anything else .
they are sharp , and very comfortable to use .
they also do n't fit flat on the ears .
my dogs often suffer from dietary indiscretion-related diarrhea .
works as needed to take care of my gowns .
after extensive research i decided to buy the delonghi .
i bought one like this several years ago .
case is exactly as it shows in the picture .
i purchased this small skillet for cooking eggs only .
when given the choice , i always buy oxo .
the stoppers make a good , long lasting seal .
overall , a great design and it works well .
maybe i need to spend a little more money .
the vet told me to throw this out .
pretty enough to leave out if you want to .
not a good pack job and a little dissappointed .
so why settle for anything but the best .
i did try it and it was very good .
this fits my epic 4g touch like a glove .
i was amazed at how well these things work .
i 'm not talking about a small difference here .
these just did not stay on the cloth sofa .
mounted easily in my acura tl cd slot .
it was so loose that it was not usable .
i hang things between the hooks a well .
shutter interval does not help in this respect .
fast phone - 1hgz processor & 322mb of ram2 .
it hurts my hands just to crush one pill .
but it looks to be a nice product .
whatever the reason , i love my coffee percolator .
case makes it difficult to use the control stick .
the case opened up and it never quite recovered .
not that we should of had to do that .
it scratched everything up and then i quit trying .
freezing is frequent , saving every two minutes imperative .
this took the life out of my fine hair .
i thought it was really cute at first .
i highly recommend this great product from oxo .
obviously this one needs a little more fine tuning .
i would not recommend this device for anyone .
i have had this for about a week now .
the fit is perfect and protects my phone .
we have been very pleased with this purchase .
i positioned the transmitter in accordance with recommendations .
my daughter asked for this game for her birthday .
amazon should no longer list the discontinued winnie lite .
at first these slippers seemed to be very nice .
well made - durable - and nice looking .
this game is only for die-hard nfs fans .
the case also catches a tremendous amount of dirt/grossness .
it has a mirror-like finish , inside and out .
dishwasher safe and even the kids use it .
i could not be happier with this purchase .
i think all thermometers should list a speed specification .
i have used these exact gloves for years .
i still had to wash my hair everyday .
but this is not a problem for me .
i even bought balls to make a ball pit .
there is no other real interaction beyond that .
absolutely love how it is customizable and adjustable .
i grew up canning and these pots are great .
they are not the same quality as the italians .
it does n't seem to work as well either .
it took a few minutes to reach temp .
i absolutely adore these ! they are so cute .
i probably should have gotten a teflon-type pan .
i soaked some and consumed them per the instructions .
i use it at least 2-3 times a week .
love the black and how functional it is .
the second one went on much faster and easier .
i think the seller was great delivered quickly .
put back together but still fell apart again .
i use it to remove pizza from my oven .
i do like the more natural ingredients , however .
this was what inspired me to switch from cingular .
decent enough quality and at a very good price .
i would highly recommend it for larger dogs though .
save your money and just use your keyboard .
felt like putting petroleum jelly on my face .
i was a little leary about buying this pan .
we have a 6 ' solid wood privacy fence .
previously , i had a tempered glass cutting board .
they work great and were a good price .
however they need to set some limits on things .
the bake ware did better than i expected .
i thought these were so pretty in the pic .
the cats have been on the food since december .
its an amazing spare battery for your phone .
the first game was entirely new and fresh .
he smells them but wont do anything else .
its exactly like it is on the pic .
like many people , i have a latex allergy .
there is absolutely no logic to them at all .
they stay stretched out after you take them off .
the water level is on the back side .
i recommended buying one with a thicker cable .
nuts chop pretty well , but not that great .
definitely not what item said it would do .
it 's well made and very easy to use .
the microphone is built into left side of headset .
the lid even sits on top with the jar .
the fabric is very thin and form fitting .
i almost threw up when i opened it .
so this is a perfect battery charger for me .
if you buy it plan on a short life .
the dicing and chopping and whatnot all work great .
dump both water and blue cover in sink .
i also love it because the jar is plastic .
oneida has a similar version for half the price .
just as bad as any other artificial sweetner .
sad to say it fails on most counts .
save your money and pick mine up there ! .
i really never understood the craze of this game .
this is one thing i could not ignore .
amazon has separate cables for under 3 bucks .
i also purchased egg rings that i love .
this oxo measuring cups are both stylish and useful .
i will never regret it for a second .
the quality is exactly the same as my original .
i used this as a substitute while working out .
these in size 10wide were horrendously too big .
but it is very very painful for standing .
it is also one of the most affordable .
my wine opener worked beautifully for about four weeks .
this is almost the perfect timer for kitchen cook .
this is the best press i have used .
i find that the graduated size is quite useful .
i found all of those options in this case .
but when they added more they also took away .
i received item very fast and in good condition .
i cooked a casserole and the cleanup was easy .
i guess i just wont be using it .
the cards do n't seem overly sharp to me .
i am a paramedic working 80-100 hours a week .
if you buy these buy one size smaller .
other friskies flavors are even worse than this one .
this is due to the sufficiently long stem .
no taste of kiwifruit that i could notice .
my phone dropped maybe 2 feet on its back .
they require a filter change every so often .
please note the heading is confusing to a customer .
fits well if you adjust it according to instructions .
i have not had much success with rice .
if not the coffee with grounds will overflow .
cookware without the nonstick cooking is better for you .
came off my phone in just a few days .
for someone without dogs , this would work great .
i purchased this product for a diy digitizer repair .
came as advertised and looks ok to me .
i did not expect it to be so useful .
i bought these to go on my sink doors .
this was a poor excuse for a kirby game .
i can hear other people without any issues .
bottomline : this filter is not compatible with mr .
it 's either too much pitch or not enough .
it was a good price so i bought it .
we payed $ 100 then and worth the money .
i bought two and they both works great .
the rest fade off to the right or left .
they are so cute and the price was great .
just start off at a fairly medium heat .
also , i actually find the griddle quite useful .
considerably lighter than my tilt.- 16 gig of memory .
it trashed a cd/dvd r-w drive on my pc .
it is too inexpensive to waste my time returning .
this pan is very well seasoned upon arrival .
looks like a stretch tube with a slit .
they have been easy care and fit my routine .
this model dwarfs the one i have now .
bought for my boyfriend who works in construction .
created swelling in mine and deep dark circles .
they are cut really thick and are very salty .
i use it for everything from shredding to juicing .
it charges it pretty well for the size .
i was very excited when this product came out .
it would not register the tire pressure accurately .
i think slippers should be easy to put on .
roll into 12 balls and press with tortilla press .
this did not feel comfortable in my mouth .
this knife cuts through almost all cheeses fairly easily .
i remember previous generations of zagg last forever .
there is only so much it can take .
these are nasty leave them on the shelf .
it is apparently a very well made machine .
i only use it on the lowest setting now .
i have n't played my 2k5 for months now .
the slicer is made to be hand held .
item was as expected , and works very well .
a must have if traveling to the u.s .
i thought it would hold more than it did .
love it and bought one for my daughter .
i already owned one of these for several years .
not as supportive as i would have liked .
i guess they 're only concerned with motorola devices .
just recently got these and let me tell you .
i have them in zip lock in the fridge .
dual should be ashamed of making radios this bad .
this game is a disgrace.i am a tolkien nut .
it comes razor sharp and is worth every penny .
the sugar-in-the-raw is the best in my opinion .
ordered this battery for my son 's samsung replenish .
thankfully i did not wake up due to cramping .
and it is bright red , which i like .
stones make the most delicious , restaurant like pizza .
very easy assembly makes this a great choice .
sturdy solid bowls that pyrex is known for .
my only negative is the small power on switch .
i now use it as a shoe rack .
other than that i was delivered really fast .
looks like made in foreign country for a dollar .
can not find a suitable way of ingesting it .
a must for every bb owner out there .
it 's not for slicing your turkey or tomatoes .
bought for my girl because she liked the print .
never had this problem with my motorola branded ones .
only used it once but it works rather well .
but i knew that when i purchased them .
excellent for those with limited space for sprices .
the dough hook worked great for making noodle dough .
this is the only cheap one that works .
this cable can both sync and charge your device .
much healthier than using the microwave popcorn packages .
it claims to wont scratch phone but it does .
it works about one time out of 5 .
they run small too , but have great support .
i found the carpet balloon racing way too gimmicky .
cars can be limited in number and difficulty .
it has provided good protection for my phone .
i could n't be more pleased with this product .
putting it together was a b*tch as well .
these games were among defining for their time .
i just wish it was a bit more deep .
it cleans easily with water and good scrub .
light , flexible and clean with hot soapy water .
i have 3 computers and one dsl modem .
one for me and one for my wife .
for general use it would be fine though .
you simply move too slow in this game .
purchased one to try out for size and gauge .
they use proprietary speaker wires with speacial plugs .
this particular weekend , i was on meerkat duty .
i suppose it also depends on your dog .
these are among the worst i have tried .
the slightest movement produced smearing and broken images .
products but i definitely wouldnt buy this again .
connecting the device to my iphone was simple .
i use frequently for my single cup rich coffee .
my papillon puppy could care less about these .
you must remove phone from case to mount .
replaced charged i had lost with ill effects .
would not recommend unless you want to hurt yourself .
it holds the coffee hot for several hours .
i would definitely buy more from this company .
i returned the product and got a refund .
easy to plug it in to the air vent .
thank you amazon for the excellent shopping experience ! .
fantastic product for taking baked goods to work .
i loved these knives right out of the box .
scared of chipping after reading the other reviews .
the armband seems to be of very good quality .
i did not want knives i had to sharpen .
i 'd recommend this hand blender set to anyone .
i wish i could rate it negative stars .
time between crystal and ruby about 3 years .
the cutter/lid holder piece has cracked on all three .
the offset handle helps in keeping things neat .
they can asking any price they want to .
i supposed it means the product needs refrigeration .
it did not work at all this time .
my son wanted a wallet of his own .
i liked another cushion i got a lot better .
no ice or water to clean up either .
at that time , they were well-below the max .
i turn them over about halfway through their cooking .
i have only lifted it whilst it was empty .
so all in all another well designed product .
she wears a size 3-4 baby.i hate this boot .
the reviews on this product were relatively useless .
i had to return them the next day .
a cup of water just covers the bottom .
they need to make this with something less toxic .
my real complaint lies within the gameplay though .
i mean , this is a very strong scent .
the leather is okay but pretty bulky and heavy .
the rabbits and squirrels ate most of my garden .
it works great for tarts and cleans up well .
i am more than happy with this product .
the android operating systems makes it super-easy to customize .
they are powerful and dependable little portable vacs .
i have a note 2 and a note 10.1 .
the result always has a wonderful texture to it .
relift and restick as needed to remove bubbles.3 .
and it has really cut my cook time down .
this grill has proved to be the perfect choice .
but this game is such a let down .
it locks in place and is very secure .
some people do not like the graphics used here .
this perfectly fits my cook 's essentials 8 qt .
i guess it does n't really fit my ear .
thanks to the gothic community -you guys rock .
but i rather liked the taste and intensity .
this product is by far the least usable .
the 15 for the apples and cinnamon variety .
luckily i 'm handy with a needle and thread .
this is the perfect size for the single cup-drinker .
i purchased this knife in may of 2010 .
they are great for when you need something smaller .
i do n't believe that these batteries are fresh .
i like to make muffins on weekends sometimes .
it worked great on my sony android phone .
great size for the size of battery you get .
i like this fan for its versatility and power .
it keeps dropping down.do not buy this product .
at one time this was my favorite guilty pleasure .
i ended up throwing all of these bags out .
for the price there are no complaints from me .
they are getting increasingly difficult to cut on .
i ordered this because it has a wide base .
kudos to oxo for this much needed improvement.2 .
it was a real pain in the behind .
to clean up bottom just wipe the oil out .
good item that protects the phone as expected .
it feels bulky , and not comfortable at all .
i was skeptical , but bought it on sale .
within an hour , it turned to solid chunks .
this makes the already slow-paced gameplay even slower .
i really wanted to like this litter box .
i was disappointed and so was my kitty .
i purchased this brita filtering system two months ago .
this is much nicer than i was expecting .
i bought this card to use with my pda .
so i 'm just going to stick with that .
it was far too large for my dog .
the price is unbelievably low for what you get .
the cutouts are all in the correct location .
i do n't think this product works very well .
find the right one , order the three-pair pack .
and it 's just what i needed and wanted .
this has everything i could need and more .
it is a decent size , not too big .
i 've used my for years with no problems .
looks so good and feels good under my fingers .
works as good if not better than original equipment .
received in good time and works as advertised .
but it 's a little course for everyday sharpening .
where i live , the water is very hard .
i will be buying more pruducts from thi seller .
its center of gravity is in a better place .
i prefer mixing it in the wheelbarrow first .
unfortunately it was too late to return this item .
try it and you will like it too .
this item came just as it was advertised .
new unit did the same after a coupleof weeks .
i ca n't believe these reviews are for real .
the computer would always beat me many times .
the corkscrew is easy to use and is sturdy .
this product is perfect for my kindle fire .
finally discovered that it was due to the sub .
this little device is fast easy and effective .
head and shoulders above the old jiggle top cookers .
i sent this back and got the bottomless one .
these baking sheets nearly caught our house on fire .
this very small speaker packs a big punch .
as usual this is the very best coffee pot .
i have to say her fleas keep coming back .
there are no batteries or cables to worry about .
my oldest did ask me to buy it again .
i would not have purchased it had i known .
the result was that my hair was soft again .
they fit on the iphone 4 extremely well .
and this baby puts out some great yogurt .
its also not reflective at all which is expected .
they are definitely not easy to put on .
i will go back to my old brand .
i burnt horribly the next day from 20 min .
avoid all non-organic soy products like the plague .
perfect gift and everyone should buy one for themselves .
i just got a copy of dead rising .
kensington is a good brand for mobile accessories .
stable and easy to move if not needed .
especially if you season it well each time .
if you love your animals as i love mine .
the case is a little loose but works good .
they 're pretty sturdy and have held up well .
so i decided to get myself a second one .
took a chance that amazon would have it .
to help distract my mind from the tinnitus andb .
i use the triple-flange etymotic eargels for it .
i guess i will have to return it .
and i am a light user of my phone .
the first lasted about 6 weeks before dying completely .
i used this as soon as it came in .
was very disappointed that i could n't wear it .
simple basic quality and great for the price .
save your money and do it the traditional way .
they can be cleaned with a clorox wipe .
simple design but looks nice in any kitchen .
they seem to be very sturdy and made good .
disappointed in the shock absorbency of the sole .
i think i will buy another set soon .
it does this even when it is new .
i love the retro look and all the features .
it seems to be a steel mesh thing .
this is the second of these i 've had .
this became very boring for our 12 month old .
i expected at least a one year warranty .
the handles are covered and cool to the touch .
a great buy - especially with the three-year warantee .
all in all i would not recommend this protector .
and it takes about 3 days to fade .
the unit was not working in the morning .
i bought this pan specifically to make corn bread .
i was torn between the bodum and this one .
my son asked for a bacon iron for christmas .
i cant believe now foods failed this test .
i tried one and gave the rest away .
i had not problems hanging it up myself .
this is a great funnel and strainer combo .
the issue is with the receiving ear speaker .
they exceeded my expectations for quality of workmanship .
it was very sweet and not refreshing at all .
they also say idebenol which is also another fraud .
i bought this to go with my new powerbook .
the cast iron holds the heat and heats evenly .
there are cheaper and equally performing cables out there .
they are well made with a thick stainless steel .
it may just be for power and not data .
after opening it they were both really disappointed .
i especially loved the smell which helped me sleep .
this waffle iron cooks an excellent light thin waffle .
my linksys wireless works great all the time .
it is definitely what it says it is .
bought this for my husband for his office .
recommends everyone for at least as backup charger .
i have owned the same model for several years .
i tried with ac that provides 5v/1a output .
chips really well but the parts are worthless .
i 'm using a 700mhz ibook with os x .
the mask does a reasonable job of blocking light .
kind of defeats the purpose of the clutch .
try to limit the size into smaller pieces .
i inverted the jug , and shook it vigorously .
his mom decided to let him keep it anyway .
much heavier and better made than the china imports .
this bluetooth headset works well with my iphone 5s .
it really helped cut the fudge into manageable pieces .
slips easily in and out of my pocket .
the formula used in truvia has apparently changed .
used to bend spoons on this in the past .
the all-american 10 1/2 qt pressure cooker/canner is great .
these stickers work like the review says they do .
something about the way they cook on this .
i like mine either steaming hot or ice cold .
i did this before i even bought it .
it just tasted like a melted popsicle or similar .
it has protected my phone from several accidental falls .
i got this phone in an upgrade on 10/14 .
it smells very similar to the variations of axes .
i can not get the microcell to complete activation .
this reminds me of koolaid but more expensive .
i purchased it mainly for my dry hands .
but it just did not work for me ! .
at these calories i expect something to taste great .
and i have always been pleased with oxo products .
the silicone ones get used on nonstick surfaces .
it turns larger pieces of meat with no problem .
sticks almost anywhere and holds everything in place .
dog loved it enough to eat it twice .
i finally came across this farberware stove top percolator .
grilling meats and vegetables is great on this pan .
this case does not look anything like the picture .
number two is the product has a wierd aftertaste .
i use this exclusively on my mountain bike .
i played with it more than they did .
just go slow.there is a single feedback light .
set temp to 350 , make batter and cook .
these seem like they will last a long time .
worth every penny and my mixer loves it too .
this presto pizza oven is so mind blowing .
does n't really do what it is supposed to .
this may be all natural but it doesnt work .
and it moves from side to side pretty easily .
or you can dip it into 10x sugar .
it makes my original gameboy seem like high-def .
i only get to use only for two weeks .
secondly , i like the size/layout of the machine .
these are comfortable and the sound quality is great .
they look good - i like the pocket placement .
i loved this while i had my droid x .
but it is too heavy to move it around .
sooooooooooo disappointed-what do i do with this stuff ? .
got it for preparing food for my dehydrator .
by far the best are the creative ep-630s .
i am really , really confused by these comments .
these companies just shoot themselves in the foot .
like the title says it breaks very easy .
i would like to get the shaver next .
it is known to affect the reproductive organs .
it 's much lower cholesterol and fat than syntha-6 .
it would have become very expensive going through cans .
aside from that this block fits my needs perfectly .
these definitely stay in place better than my jaybirds .
just dont touch it , like an antique telescope .
i use this to make my homemade tomato sauce .
while cooking bacon , it stuck to the pan .
i took a chance and it payed off .
it also has a strong odor like colored pencils .
motorola should stick with wired cable modem not wireless .
we have good sets of chicago cutlery and j.a .
these did absolutely nothing for either of my cats .
this item has proved to be very problematic .
crumbled into little pieces , and has terrible absorbency .
this drink had an odd smell and flavor .
i will be returning this to tjmaxx tomorrow .
to say they conduct heat efficiently is an understatement .
excellant for making/enjoying consistent good cups of coffee .
overall , i am very pleased with its performance .
i made the mistake of buying two pair .
with a price like this i can complain .
after having gone through several cheaper brands ( e.g .
i thought it made sense and purchased it .
i used it on a block of parmesan cheese .
whoever conceived this product must be a genius .
very nice cute flexable pink i-phone 4 case .
one container is used for our cheese products .
it is not something i will purchase again .
this is nice and thin and works great .
good for their price range , they work well .
if you want something for show then buy it .
i gave it to my son who loves it .
have only used one and it works great .
the texture offers very secure handling as well .
bought based on positive reviews and wanted wind/sun protection .
you have to insert them well into your ear .
this one has the beater and hook painted white .
this was my go to pan for everything .
the cookies are individually wrapped , which is convenient .
the overflow cover is actually comfortable to lean on .
these cables are doing exactly what i wanted .
this case has allowed me to do just that .
i purchased this set from a now defunct seller .
even with hard candies that have to reach 300 .
i ordered and used this product once satisfactorily .
it takes my arms a few days to recuperate .
in fact , it has a kind off flavor .
i bought the small jar and finished it all .
this headset does the trick.take the time to adjust .
i probably wont even finish the bag i have .
it will always fall over on its front .
i had to push it down repeatedly while scrubbing .
it will work to charge but that is it .
easy to clean by hand or in the dishwasher .
i have several of these in different sizes .
only experienced gamers could beat it under one sitting .
i have used olay regenerating serum for years now .
love these and will order more in the future .
some reviews indicated that the lids did not fit .
it does protect and it is small enough .
finishing it up by mixing with hot cocoa .
i received this battery about four days ago .
i do not care for the fragrance either .
looks good with dainty tea cups or everyday mug .
these are the perfect answer to that question .
just the sight of one makes my feet weak .
i also do not like the new case .
as it does not charge the phone at all .
the camera lens and flash are not covered .
pricey but i got a good deal on amazon .
bought these as a christmas present for my neighor .
the game closes with the dog barking mournfully .
there arent many good hd movies out there .
it is bright and great to use for spring .
a must buy if you own a smart phone .
it 's everything the description claims it to be .
in fact , i first bought a nokia e71 .
i am am now out of the rc2 system .
this works great for what i need it for .
i was not very happy with this flat iron .
what it is though is very linear and uninspierd .
it just makes the phone a lot less attractive .
i 've had this kettle for a year now .
highly recommend to anyone with a kitchenaid stand mixer .
but i suppose that is our laziness talking .
majority have fragrance but baby sunscreens usually do not .
lets see how many months i can it last .
it can handle anything you can think of blending .
so go get orcorina of time and not this .
i generally really like bumble and bumble product .
with it about 3 bars in the shop .
this game was a big disapointment for me .
never had an issue with any of them .
i recommend it highly for any age child .
the bottle is leak resistant with zero condensation .
for the price of this it should last longer .
they are too big for the track size .
lasted 2 weeks then the band inside broke .
i wish i would 've returned this toaster immediately .
should have stayed on xbox where it belongs .
this is a really heavy duty bundt pan .
as in all products there is a learning curve .
have reused them as planting stakes in my garden .
you never go wrong when you buy the best .
there is a handle in the zip type strips .
followed that up with some obituary and slayer .
the icarrier did a great job charging my ipad .
it slices very smoothly and has a sharp blade .
only 1 of the 3 pieces is as pictured .
these look nice and were the right price .
i at first thought the hoover was great .
i apologize for the poor rating on this battery .
this works just fine to recharge my captivate .
but gave it to a friend with smaller phone .
this case does n't fit my galaxy at all .
there are much , much better products out there .
the medium is the size i should have gotten .
this is worth 1 cent ; not much more .
i will not buy cables from this company again .
once you enter the next season activities ( i.e .
i have bought every indoor grill on the market .
clips well to my phone and charges me up .
just see how it stands the test of time .
it works somewhat until it drops the signal entirely .
the cap opens and closes without burning your fingers .
i bought him this kit for some ideas .
but , my forehead and neck showed some improvement .
it 's the only flavor i would buy again .
and it seems like it would slip off easily .
i like that it is plastic but soft plastic .
small enough to pack or carry with you .
i did not see a difference in his behavior .
other party is never able to hear my sound .
it is important to realize a major factor here .
you do n't have to limit yourself to liquids .
they leave globs of hair on my chairs .
for your series 1 d1 motorola droid slider cell .
i 've made some baller java in this thing .
i like to take long hot baths and read .
overall decent taste , but not what i expected .
this is a pretty good vacuum for the money .
if you want cancer this is probably for you .
this is the worst tea kettle i 've owned .
easy to install and has a very nice feel .
it 's been really nice on my knives too .
other than that , what more can i say .
but the frame is too big for verizon 4s .
i like that the plastic is sturdy and think .
i just baked an apple pie with it .
magnet has worked every time to grab the lid .
sent new one immediately without waiting for old one .
it was a guessing game to know the temp .
fortunately , he had no issues with the bottle .
i will post again once that one arrives .
that 's pretty much all there is to say .
i have also used for vegetables at times .
i recommend it for iphone 4 or 4s .
if you fall into the water you die instantly .
it was just as it was pictured and advertised .
when the phone rings , so does the headset .
the backup supply is great charges devices quickly .
this product is great at working with dusting 's .
this is a must for anyone who does baking .
the antenna/video switch failed completely in 11 days .
they want you to have to buy the wii .
so you always have to fish around for everything .
ideally i would have bought 3 of these .
i installed this on my mac duel g4 tower .
used these like they are going out of style .
and it grind-ed it into hamburg with ease .
would like to return them for something better .
most my calls are overseas to non-english speaking countries .
i immediately rushed to see what the issue was .
means serious business when it comes to cleaning .
they are easy to navigate the volume controls .
overall i am very pleased with this phone .
and there is no signal at all there .
do not be tempted to buy this product .
this all-clad grille pan has tremendously enhanced my cooking .
failed out of the box to pump anything .
very nice on phone and protects very well .
that is why i gave it 2 stars .
my husband and daughter hated it after one game .
i want to choose my default search engine .
this colander is beautiful , sturdy and entirely functional .
i tried a lexar sd card , no problems .
looks like other people had the same problem .
this did not work for more than a week .
heavy duty and works for all kitchen purposes .
i like to sprinkle o cakes and cup cakes .
it was just what i expected it to be .
at the price they are impossible to beat .
i replaced the battery and everything was fine .
lots and lots of finely grated cheeses though .
tried with usb thumb disk and worked very well .
i wish i was giving this more stars .
the load times are about 5 minutes long .
having said that , be realistic about your expectations .
this case is everything it was described as .
i have been needing one of these for forever .
i would not recommend this item to anyone .
given that , i had to return the watch .
for the price i wanted like ten lol .
because then the whole unit would be rock solid .
beautiful if you love them like i do .
i packaged it up better and shipped it back .
it is an exact replacement and not some knockoff .
too bad the phone choice is so poor .
my burger maker broke after a couple of uses .
perfect to own and to give as a gift .
all pieces were included and snapped together quickly .
other than that the case would have been perfect .
i expect it will last a very long time .
the hunter 300090 appears to have decent build quality .
i have dexterity issues myself and worried about it .
alas , the veggie holder is the weak link .
the others have an immediate coconut odor and flavor .
definitely the way to go for oriental cooking .
very glad i bought one of these from amazon .
finally the plastic case attracts dust like a super-magnet .
i would recommend this machine with no reservations .
i got a 2nd sent for an emergency gift .
you may get different results from a different seller .
works great on my area rugs and jute rugs .
this charger is unable to charge the iphone 5 .
i have seen some reviewers say this was junk .
this was exactly what i have been looking for .
it had an unpleasant mouth feel , slightly grainy .
the cobalt color matches my blue willow china .
i also like the feel and the finger grip/grooves .
these headphones really want to slide off my head .
bought this to use in my cast iron pans .
i hope amazon do n't sell these terrible stuff .
not a bad item and certainly a great price .
i never knew food could be chopped so fast .
beans & easy to adjust for the proper brew .
the frother so far has been really good .
timely delivery was the best part about it .
we purchased this for our 2 year old daughter .
press 2 times to skip to the next track .
now trying some soy yogurt made with soy milk .
my kid dealt with it the whole time .
i ordered 15 , just incase we messed up .
if you have a non biter it 's great .
i bought this because it had such high ratings .
this is a defective product in my book .
the plastic chipped and cracked with regular use .
i had this same result on a few outings .
i am thinking of chili in the winter time .
after that it tastes luke warm and old .
my next gripe with this game are the weapons .
the battery is great for the first 2 months .
was in a hurry when i ordered this .
i am going back to my orgain protein shakes .
there are stampers as well to make shapes .
i tried washing it and it still stinks .
i was surprised how heavy these metal pans are .
it showed up fast and looks very good .
i have a jenn-air jgr8775q and it fits fine .
not even worth the time it takes to prepare .
no need to bake potatoes for an hour plus .
got these as back ups for my iphone 4s .
this happened after about a year of ownership .
this guy was dead out of the box .
i am definitely not impressed by it at all .
i think it must just depend on your cat .
nice to use as a serving spoon , too .
ea killed this game with really bad drm .
glad this seems to work for some people .
my father was in need of some new pans .
would not buy or recommend this product again .
works well with the ipone 4 and iphone 4s .
no water bath needed for brownies or regular cake .
the cheapo fresh-step litter worked better than this .
great , the covers fit our phone just right .
theres just a set list of under 20 songs .
and it definately aint worth good ends neither .
i just rubbed all of them off myself .
there was about 5 specialty spoons and knives .
i now use it every time i have salad .
i even bought a set for my daughter .
it does the job for which i bought it .
glad they are still available for retail sales .
i think the usb interface is the weak link .
also has emulators that you can play with .
i 've been a cell phone user since 1995 .
great item to have.fast service and reliable one .
advertising compelling , but not ideal for a child .
it is easy to use and easy to clean .
this allows me to reclaim adapter without damaging it .
and i do not handle the case rough .
i do disconnect the temp control before doing this .
the yellow stickies caught bunches but barely slowed them .
you can find single chargers for much less .
it also comes with 4 different shaped ear buds .
basically , it all boils down to one thing .
the product is accurately described by the seller .
my kids never wanted to play with this thing .
and because henckels only has this spoonzwilling j.a .
will keep them as a place to shop .
it will fail with in a few months .
i would never buy a hoover vacuum cleaner again .
ok hardware with a limited & unreliable driver .
'boosting ' its capacity.this is not what i received .
i purchased this product from amazon because have melasma .
this is a great size for making meatballs .
what a complete waste of time and money .
the stuff is molasses based and is fairly thick .
it would be great for someone with thinner hair .
there is always something that needs to be stored .
i use this it grease pans and in baking .
this product does the work running on low speed .
the edges of the plastic are sharp as well .
it looked more like 3 day old hair .
not satisfied i really wanted my black case .
based on the reviews i purchased this stylus .
very happy with results.very happy with this product .
it is high quality and worth the money .
my dog tore the cover off the ball .
the instructions say cook the egg for 1 min .
i would not buy aother one of these .
after another day it did n't work at all .
although the price was low still not worth it .
just remember the basics and you 'll be alright .
maybe your cats will like it better than mine .
maybe these work better on foam block targets .
i realize there are many different types of sciatica .
i purchased this to protect my iphone 4s .
i had no problem setting this unit up .
i use this almost exclusively to cut my pies .
my dog ate this thing up in a day .
was hoping for screen saver.cover.antiglare to come with it .
this is my third pair of kitchen shears .
just not enough moisture for me , i guess .
i have really abused these things at times .
i dont think he used it everyday tho .
this my second cuisinart coffee maker in 10 years .
roomba gets stuff that the upright leaves behind .
would buy again and recommend it to everyone .
i have a good amount of cast iron .
m44 is the only one it will work on .
this controler was not exactly good to me .
i sense the buffer if not large enough .
if you take off this case it will break .
cakes come out of the pan with no sticking .
i do n't plan on buying this product again .
probably the best suit bag i have bought .
that has turned out to be not true .
they do n't give you enough at the beginning .
it could have been me because i dropped it .
i had problems with other brands being uncomfortable .
2 rifles would only fire on full auto .
the velvet bag is rather useless as a protector .
if you want a fighting game get tekken 2 .
i 'm impressed and very happy with this thermos .
it was listed as 1-3 days for this .
i served mussels at the table in this .
idk what else to say but it works great .
she need to time applications & this works well .
about the same quality as an apple cord .
anyone whi enjoys wine will appreciate this sealer .
hand washing or dishwasher fail to remove the bits .
it sure sounded yummy based on the description .
i have been very impressed by the battery life .
you must order this case the price is unbeatable .
i purchased this skillet and absolutely love it .
unfortunately it was a very short love afair .
it re-sharpens easily and is very stain resistant .
no one else comes close to that price .
my daughter in law saw mine and loved it .
i have several old pieces that are well seasoned .
i shipped the motor to cuisinart to be fixed .
those who have used both usually have a preference .
coffee comes out tasting stronger and better than drip .
i know a lot of people like this product .
she uses her fingernails and has small hands.3 .
by far the best for any football console game .
i followed the instructions that came with the skillet .
i have had this pan for over a year .
so i would recommend using this for emergency situations .
i will pass on ordering this item again .
so izm thanks hde for wasting my time .
the dock connector on it is too fat .
this is a near perfect pan for baking shortbread .
i used otter box defender case on my phone .
but is a great eye peace to use .
i use a mini usb cable to this unit .
it really just sits lightly over your ear .
it does n't have a day light saving feature .
it does not go all the way around .
i brought this for my lg 800 phone .
it is a good value for the money .
i thought i was getting two for this price .
this worked great right out of the box .
i 'm lucky if i ever get one bar .
the 18 month warranty is longer than most competitors .
we have battery operated thomas and battery operated james .
my husband says that it makes him sick .
easy to use in synch with my cellphone .
the product looked like someone had it before me .
the whole thing gave an impression of high quality .
hope they switch back to the original manufacturing unit/source .
i really should have listened to the reviews .
the cars that come with this garage are cute .
there are comparable chinese cast iron products available .
this is the third of these i 've ordered .
they are like a short version of tube socks .
the best i 've seen is 800 mbps download .
makes great coffee and is easy to use .
now to me that seems like a better deal .
it 's the go-to knife when all others fail .
this is a must have for every one .
whoever packaged my order must have not paid attention .
it also includes a tiny bag of white powder .
also invested in sony over the ear headphones .
the aluminum core bottoms conduct the heat well .
so far , so good.you look at the instructions .
but the negatives were just too problematic for me .
completely disassembles and is therefore easy to cleancons:1 .
also , the pins were too wide or thick .
pink looks great on her black granite counter .
they sent it out promptly and it worked perfectly .
it 's very entertaining to watch the coffee brewing .
there are tons of better games out there .
i just use a gallon jug to fill them .
it is a great product at an affordable price .
will review it 's performance at a later date .
the mid-range is flat and the bass is non-existent .
we bought several sizes and seem to last forever .
does a great job for all deep frying .
one of them is great and holds air wonderfully .
the product i received was n't what was pictured .
tried to find them locally , but could not .
sturdy , a little bulky like every otter box .
it is for superficial massage.i would not recommend .
and the overall feel for the game is boring .
i am in my 40th with dry/combination skin .
there is almost no bass in these earphones .
i had at least 4 sets of these .
i use to saute and they are very usable .
my various problems with the phone are listed below:1 .
people think i 'm a bit crazy or something .
ordered and on my door step in 3 days .
i would say rent , but do not buy .
the screw in type obviously hold up better .
i bought this headset back in june 09 .
it spent most of the time in my backpack .
we purchased 2 of these for our cars .
i 've never had problems growing from seed before .
use my magic bullet for grating hard cheese .
i knew there had to be a better way .
but several quests revolve around you doing just that .
or that i can only play games as side-scrollers .
this is smooth and tight and fits perfectly .
i think i am going to stick with that .
you will like it.the shipping was also timely .
i love the sleekness and color of the case .
it makes them feel like their gaming gods .
so i am 0 for 3 with these watches .
this item i never got a chance too use .
there are no moving parts with this system .
this one is the perfect size for me .
the graphics are worse then the gamecube verison .
it was a very nice case for me .
the volume rocker and power button is covered .
but after 15-20 min the game fell through .
but this game seems to have no identity .
this waffle baker make beautiful , large fluffy waffles .
this is a great size for food preparation .
it was exactly what he was looking for .
they are beautiful and truly special to look at .
i 'm going to buy an egg genie now .
static , not that loud and made of junk .
i ordered the same shade from the same shipper .
for how much longer i do n't know lol .
it is marble so it washes up easily .
this takes some time to get used to.4 .
good non stick surface is holding up reasonably well .
people raved about how intensely pigmented it is .
if you 're thinking about boiling water in this .
most medium to large cats probably fit the large .
just seems not sturdy enough for my phone .
my son received this toy for his first birthday .
when this came out i jumped on it .
they were new and fit her phone perfectly .
so far i have only cooked large 5-6 lb .
i bought this for my vixia hf s200 .
these were purchased to make cookie lollipops at christmas .
i ordered a small zipper case elsewhere on amazon .
it was easy to hold onto in the shower .
but when i actually got it i was disapointed .
i bought this for my brothers ' smart phone .
it is accurate to the second and programmable .
i can still feel the heat beneath the cover .
you 're better off getting a low end leatherman .
all the pieces are lightweight and easy to clean .
new battery brought new life to my phone .
it does just what it promises to do .
i bought the second one from another online retailer .
they bunch up and get uneven along the bottoms .
some parts stay together just by pressure and gravity .
bing help in making apple sauce and jellies .
a couple as gifts and one for myself .
no more digging in the cabinets to get them .
this has that corn perfectly steamed in 4 minutes .
after that it was headed for the trash .
if i could give negative stars i would ! .
you can never have too many batteries imo .
the usual problem is that the cpl falls apart .
it was big and loose on the handle also .
this app allows different features for the handset .
i guess i should have thought about that before .
you can drop these and they do n't break .
i 'm not sure what to say about this .
but the execution of the idea is completely flawed .
nice size for one or two pieces of pizza .
i bought this on kind of a lark .
unfortunately my doubts have so far been confirmed .
easy to take apart and clean up also .
etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc.2 .
i feel suckered by the marketing on this .
the handle stays cool and is easily pourable .
i just could n't do it with this one .
the dry feeling that is felt after is unbearable .
it works well and i would recommend it .
so there is no need to jump in .
maybe half the thickness of a standard face cloth .
and you do n't even have to be there .
i have tossed the one i didnt use .
then each part began to get holes and deflate .
another wash turned up rusting my metal spatula .
but this is the gem ! i love it .
these are easy to clean and a perfect fit .
i was not impressed with the product at all .
only time will tell if it is durable .
the fact you can microwave them is awesome .
i like the scent but it is to strong .
a roller can be operated with one hand .
i set the lid on and sealed the jar .
i am lactose intolerant and ca n't use this .
of course it needed to be replaced immediately .
this will be the last time we purchase this .
they are very versatile if you love to entertain .
in this pressure cooker to about 250 degrees f .
this always picks up their hair plus some extra .
i was expecting a lot more from this product .
the game is too simple for such ridiculous instructions .
no complaints and only praises for this device .
i i would not buy these at all .
this has pretty much replaced my larger pressure cooker .
please read all of the reviews before you purchase .
it tastes terrible and does not mix easily .
has a girls look and feel to it .
i ordered this watch as an everyday watch .
not quite perfect.- the magnets are too weak .
i think it could use a refinement or two .
in all honesty we can not recommend this product .
download opera mini to get a better browser .
the whole tool is poorly designed and clumsy .
it is a simple style but oh so pretty .
slip grip is great and it peels smoothly .
i bought a 2x based on other 's recommendations .
my feet still did n't feel all that warm .
my puppy had it chewed in 5 minutes .
just the right size for my husband and i .
throw one in the car or your purse .
battery door broke within 2 weeks of use .
good moisture but really just okay for the price .
i was ecstatic when i tried this product .
and so we got to the point of desperation .
easy of functionality is why i give this 4-stars .
it can also be used to grind dry spices .
the chemex is my preferred method of coffee making .
i decided on this one because of the price .
unfortunately they are less than adequate as gym socks .
and i included it in a hand lotion .
everything there fits and all the buttons work .
i have not noticed any whitening or lightening .
coffee sweet tea brewer after years of faithful service .
you need to be fast to see it .
very easy to use stacked or by themselves .
i put the feeder in on a thursday evening .
i also question that is says 150 things .
this thing is more suited for kittens period .
no big rains to wash it away either .
they buzz when noice canceling is turned on .
buy yourself some older style pachmayrs off ebay .
this cheesiness permeates every aspect of the game .
it 's just a clone of grand theft auto .
cooks so much better and is very convenient .
it is fully wound when you hear a click .
it does not do what it claims to do .
a lid rack would also come in handy .
it now looks like a gray bowling pin .
perhaps the one stars just received a defective kettle .
i seem to go thru charges quite a bit .
i love love love love love my rice cooker .
i have yet to find something more suitable .
high quality plastic and i am very very pleased .
i recently moved from dry colorado to humid maryland .
this case was perfect and arrived on time .
install was a breeze and the fit is perfect .
the hotter the beverage , the worse the flavor .
bought this for my granddaughter as a gift .
wow , lots of unhappy reviews about the lid .
i just got it and it seems very heavy .
this is a nice case for the 3g iphone .
brain boost is just a memory game , period .
this item is ridiculously impossible o put together .
protects phone all around with good access to buttons .
previously , i used a dual port 1/2a charger .
i just did my big chop back in oct .
remember to season the pan and use pam .
but it would be nice if it came uniform .
first we bought one a few years ago .
this battery was purchased for my motorola rizr z3 .
find if your network is on the .0 subnet .
i use it to make my coffee and everything .
i bought tons of card sets and this pen .
this is a great bluetooth headset for the price .
when so many reviews are over-the-top about vanilla beans .
i imagine it 's just the natural shikakai scent .
it reliably keeps the cake from sticking and tearing .
i use it to charge my supposely warp battery .
this charger works great and it really charges rapidly .
in my opinion , this is great buy indeed .
i have had one of these grinders for years .
buy one for everyone you know , i did .
i have n't found that to be the case .
leaves a bad taste in my mouth for days .
i love it once i finally got it installed .
i bought this charger and it did n't work .
plus , the new spinning mechanism glides so easily .
led glows to help one locate this at night .
this one is the most comfortable , clearest sounding .
i like oxo quality and this is no exception .
i was skeptical , but gave it a try .
i bought this on the recommendation of cooks illustrated .
the white pat around yoshi 's shell is felt .
the best part is that it is already pre-seasoned .
i like this for zesting and grating cheese .
this gets the job done for the price .
not much else to say except i recommend it .
this is again , another great product of honeywell .
only gave it a star because it does work .
actually , you should not clean it that way .
hands down , the best car mount out there .
now the suction cup is attached and useless .
these work really well for cutting smaller potatoes .
so tiny , it literally will disappear if misplaced .
i would not ever buy this crap again .
it was like i threw money out the window .
they were preparing apples to go into a dehydrator .
great back-up phone for the outdoors and travel .
also the product was very old and very dry .
the flap/cover holds quite securely with a magnet .
packs a lot of power on a full charge .
bought this for son and wife for christmas .
this is a indeed an unpleasant and uncomfortable sensation .
sound is good and look is lovely =d .
and i was surprised at how quickly shipped .
very thorough pick up and no strays left behind .
i bought this product based on its excellent reviews .
anyone looking for those wordings should avoid water,2 .
i 'll also use it with my kindle 3 .
guess what ? started making noise after two weeks .
the safety features alone make it worth while .
you 'll waste your money if you buy it .
no machine under a certain price removes scratches .
it broke literally within minutes after they opened it .
bought another - so i would recommend it .
this was a real disappointment for an oxo product .
or the 15th depending on who you ask .
well , today the price on both went crazy .
my 4yr old recieved this doll for christmas .
this machine is well designed and works very well .
i have worn my current size for 10+ years .
i have seen it on dogs on t.v .
just keep on walking and get something else .
the other thing is that they cook your ears .
i just received my taylor oven guide thermometer .
3 cups of flour and one cup liquid .
i guess i got lucky as mine is not .
you simply keep them honed with a steel .
you get 4 yellow prongs & 2 blue loops .
theres also a few effects that sound awful .
this brand is chockful of artificial colors and junk .
she likes the packing box more than the toy .
the quality is very good as expected from wilton .
reviews are correct , this runs 1-2 sizes small .
this is a great cutting board for the price .
perfect for being on the go all the time .
if you need a mag block get a doan .
anyone who buys it will be happy with it .
they just now started working on the inner fleece .
i can definitely feel it in my pocket now .
it works fine , but is a bit labor-intensive .
this game is the absolute worst pirate game ever .
the cap is either to tight or to loose .
this is an easy to use tortilla press .
it 's a wonderful addition to any serious kitchen .
the belkin live action solves those problems and more .
enough left over for other random projects too .
i tried it twice and threw it away .
wonderful since it helps keeps my screen clean .
the thickness is the same throughout the pan .
very very sharp and it has great balance .
hop around too much and they will come off .
unfortunately it does not fit my cell phone .
this ites was exactly what i was looking for .
this product usually works great but for some reason .
it fell off once and i did n't know .
please save $ 10 and go for an upgrade .
this charger is perfect for emergency phone charging .
i bought this based on price and some reviews .
i thought would look cute over a french nail .
my 9yo son was very disappointed in the game .
lodge is superior manufacturer of quality cast iron cookware .
in doing so you remove all id tags .
even the custom maps are sickening in their monotony .
why anyone would need this is beyond me .
now my pies turn out perfect and nicely brown .
so i thought this would help me and him .
additionally , they arrived somewhat smudged in their holder .
this seems well made and it does the job .
this simple product is getting hard to find .
love the folding blade when not in use .
the material wears off pretty fast as well .
i guess they sell out fast or miss advertised .
sounds good on paper , but nothing but junk .
unreasonable of me to think this could work .
this is my second order for this product .
for the price i am not impressed at all .
i have doubletwist which occasionally sync using wifi .
i was n't at all impressed with this product .
mostly this has very little ability to increase sound .
i had to have these for my baking needs .
jura developed this product especially for its machines .
this is nice and heavy , which i love .
it starts vaporizing the water in about 5 minutes .
bedside g22 with yhm suppressor and a lite .
you seldom see instructions that clear these days .
took about 1.5 weeks to receive this item .
this item distorts the image coming from my phone .
had it on my phone for a few months .
it worked great -- for all of forty days .
they stay hot longer due to the double lining .
looks like my neutrogena days are truly over .
bento will be a lovely addition to your lunchbreak .
wow am i glad i got this one .
i feel that my phone is very well protected .
this flavor is the worst so far by far .
with the presto , the frozen pizza is amazing .
it could have been a perfect present for him .
the soup is very watery and lacks taste .
but i 'm just not finding this game fun .
it removes the lint which causes less bubbles .
i purchased this one because of the reviews .
its a clean and smart fighter through and through .
you will never get rid of the lint now .
the vanilla jarrow protein goes great with oj .
i 'm online right now looking for another one .
something came loose inside and can be heard rattling .
i was hoping this would fit my 4.5 bowl .
i do n't recommend this product to any body .
it has easily replaced our normally used marinating container .
he said that it was just as it described .
this truly is an incredible invention , almost dummy-proof .
i called amazon customer support and got a refund .
using anise in licorice is not a trade secret .
it did ship quickly but would not purchase again .
the glass did not fit properly in its housing .
does what you would expect it to do .
these small pans are perfect for cooking single servings .
*cue controller hitting floor*the levels are not very large .
worked for about 3 days then went on me .
if only it came in other colors or designs .
these are easy to clear and work great .
but i mean its not really noticeable at all .
the picture had bands of interference in it .
the wheels roll well on any indoor surface .
i guess ya do get what ya pay for .
this is one to very much stay away from .
you will have to restart from your last save .
this mixer works well and easy to use .
i prefer this method to using plastic wrap .
use for opened canned goods and dry storage .
my carpet is beige again , not filthy brown .
i would definitely buy these screen protectors again .
i got this as a gift for my son .
purchased a total of 2 of these bulbs .
its very nice quality for what it is .
i tried moving the cleaning rod up and down .
i recommend urban decay or too faced primer instead .
the cable works great with my iphone 4s .
i think this game has gotten good reviews .
try it and see if it makes a difference .
it would be nice if we were pre-warned .
it took days for the stench to wear off .
for others once or several times a day .
so the game pieces are hard to move around .
people expect different things from a toaster oven .
the fine mesh traps a lot of particles.very versatile .
delete them immediately when you get this phone .
this case is what the description says it is .
this is a handy gadget for the kitchen .
it worked for 15 minutes or so and stopped .
i am totally at a loss for this game .
i have given meaningful beauty products a try .
i think it is still in my fridge .
i got this for my wife for her 3gs .
i recevied it today as stated by company .
the springs do not seem to help at all .
this is the worst shaver i have owned .
i developed a rash and had an eczema breakout .
should have inspected at the store but did not .
highly recommend if you have a battery drain issue .
keeps the beverage warm for a hour or so .
the best in my opinion at a bargain price .
once i began looking , the options were endless .
it therefore needs no mechanism to close the spout .
my am radio has more sensitivity then this unit .
so glad to add this to our kitchen .
i finally purchased when the price was reduced .
they love stashing it so it 's worth replacing .
absolutely no pep ! it totally disappears on sandwiches .
these work the way they are supposed to .
the waffles are made thin rather than thick .
i returned it and got a y-splitter instead .
the chickpeas are mushy and the spicing is horrible .
the card has rolled over and died on me .
i was torn between this or the plantronics m50 .
just got this in yesterday , used it today .
i would not spend one cent on this .
have used better items to straighten my toe .
i bought it at the store , not amazon .
not nearly what it was made out to be.sound:9/10 .
it does not protect a phone from fall .
i will never suggest anyone to use it .
i also own jump and carry jnc660 jump starter .
parabens have been found in human breast cancer tumors .
i really wanted this to work for me .
finally found sim cards that work at amazon.com .
the first headset i was sent was doa .
on that matter , this stuff is pretty frustrating .
knock wood -- nothing but perfect loaves thus far .
i used it twice and washed it twice .
no problems and the rice is just right .
this salt and pepper set is real pretty .
tbd with item after contacting seller for another .
it combines elements from familiar microprose games ( e.g .
if you order , get a half size larger .
enzymatic oral hygiene chews for my small dog instead .
with the right tool it makes it easier .
the bottom of this pan is not quite flat .
i had nothing else suitable for making hollandaise sauce .
it just does n't hold much.read the dimensions carefully .
i guess you get what you pay for .
over all i am very pleased with this purchase .
i bought case protection for my wife phone .
i think this will work fine for me however .
about 9 grams of fat for one stick .
the bottom line , i would buy it again .
he would n't walk right with it on either .
too small and not the quality i expected .
this makes the interior of the unit very messy .
the most pathetic protector i have ever bought .
i would highly recommend this product and the seller .
i hope they will last a little longer .
it has a sleek design which i like .
i think maybe they sent the wrong one .
the puff has an extremely strong perfume scent .
you are not getting a bargain from thisamazon seller .
the major problem was that it never really fit .
more of a stage prop than a knife .
i bought two of these to organize my pantry .
this would be great for teenagers or tweens .
proceed and investigate further until you trigger more enemies .
the color is a nice splash on the table .
this pizza knife is very useful and works well .
i am a sharp and easy to use peeler .
after reading countless reviews i decided to buy this .
it has a longer range than the lg .
they work well and battery life is good .
this phone does everything well , and nothing great .
do not fit on our grand daughters bike .
a chore to get on and maneuver into place .
i am so excited about getting a bagged vacuum .
making an internet connection is next to impossible .
oz episode , but i am a big fan .
they have had no fun with them at all .
does n't matter how good the build quality is .
this color looks absolutely nothing like the picture ! .
sometime around 2011 pantene did a formula change .
they have no flavor and are not palatable .
what i feed them is very important to me .
i use to use it to watch my movies .
this is the best one i have seen ! .
the first machine we had , everything was burnt .
it works way better than this thing , anyday .
i think for the price they are good .
your blood sugar may drop as a result .
i paid premium dollars for a charge only cable .
it does have a significant amount of play .
i have this bowl and the 5qt size .
i think it make my plantars fasciitis feel worse .
charges my samsung galaxy s3 at the correct voltage .
this new bagless dirt devil has never worked right .
they usually just throw it in their purse .
this beautiful bakeware is amazing and worth every penny .
it is just like when i was a kid .
i have never owned a more clear sounding headset .
the grill is removable for the occasional cleaning .
bought this to replace an very old stainless steamer .
if failed after about 1 month of use .
i should have bought one of these years ago .
they are about the size of a pea .
the cleaning head on this is fairly child safe .
larabars are a lot less lethal and less expensive .
it is also well designed for looks and function .
the potato is white , just like the rice .
they work fine and fit nice and tight .
the battery is in and charged and no problems .
i give foodsaver credit for decent customer service .
no sticking or burning and from stove-top to oven .
they are what was described in the add .
the problem with this mask is the material .
not the greatest protection but does the job .
what vanilla flavor i smelled was fairly artificial .
they worked well enough for their designed function .
i have the water to biotene solution proportioned appropriately .
the support is good , but a bit tight .
i have not had any success with sole stoppers .
i 'm with some of the other reviewers here .
this one is a finer mesh and seems stronger .
like the fake cinnamon flavorings in some kids candies .
i pop in the disc and select install .
the next few days my entire scrotum was numb .
i would recommend this product so far so good .
hade to take phone out of case to charge .
i have an iphone 4s that fits perfectly inside .
apparently i ca n't return the box of crackers .
the motorola standard hdmi cable worked as advertised .
it holds more than one set of flatware .
i guess there is something to the hepa filter .
the braun kmmm30 is a very reliable grinder .
we purchased canon 24-70mm l lens from them .
if i could give it 10 stars i would .
i ordered 1 and got an effective one .
but lately it 's been smudging and not waterproof .
you do n't have to pry the lid off .
the best place just below your lower lip .
cuts well , nice length , useful kitchen tool .
for the money it is a great purchase .
the movie 's great but the game is terrible .
i am very nervous about honing my knives .
it makes my hair itchy to be honest .
after 1 week i now see a change .
it is so easy to store and clean .
then 'top ' the vegetable with the pusher cup .
the flaps for functions are hard to get open .
i do not recommend this version of braun .
it feels different than the plain plastic ones .
nearly 7 months before the motor stopped working .
ten minutes into the experience the picture freezes .
and it turns a purse into a great weapon .
i am returning this for a different headset .
this is the case with this wonderful mug .
i think i came in last every time .
so i use my s4 as my primary camera .
you can get better vices for the price .
for the money you can not beat it .
more challanging than the first and better missions .
this is the best place to find replacement gaskets .
i found jergens products better results then this stuff .
with glass you get none of those drawbacks .
we had a dinner party over the weekend .
excellent quality crystal , made in the czech republic .
the coffee grounds were everywhere making a huge mess .
this feed did not work well for me .
the plugs fit smoothly and is of good quality .
this style of lifter works better for me .
i spent $ 26 to buy four of these .
i would not recommend this mushroom baby pool .
it 's the t404 g phone that is whacky .
there are some really expensive competitors out there .
original review : i agree with the previous reviewer .
this product started my love for eforcitys products .
i use this pan every day , every meal .
good belt clip , and easy open/close magnetic latch .
my husband and i researched a variety of breadmakers .
the tip of my thumb is healing well .
will be buying for every item i can .
this is on of my new favorite phone cases .
am using the thing for the first time today .
harder to get into than i first thought .
the controls are a little small but manageable .
this makes that particular part difficult to clean .
my slicing skills have been kicked up a notch .
after about 5 uses , it became non stick .
wish this was larger and easier to hold .
lasted a day or two and he got bored .
i live in manhattan and have no counterspace .
i 've used it for frozen drinks and soups .
and now it is back to whole foods ! .
it is wonderful surprise that this works so well .
this is a good heavy weight microwave cover .
i do a quick clean after every pound .
i will see how well this one performs.however .
i should have bought this brand for my tablet .
i will be filing a claim with amazon.com .
they are of the highest quality and last forever .
but i 've tried with and without the foundation .
just wish the booster can reach longer distance .
can not peel layers from one another to apply .
use it and throw it in the dishwasher .
next to sega cd the worst version of doom .
this is one of those no-fail charging devices .
the material is good but the fit is horrible .
also use in shower for bar of soap .
they are 8 inches from tip to tip .
best idea for keeping all liquids fresh and cold .
really , it all does look nice graphically wise .
great tight stainless canister to keep your products fresh .
wait correction that is the only good quality .
stick with the sprout or happy baby meals .
now , they stay fresh for about 7 days .
wanted my phone to be protected and look cute .
xox products ii give 5 *****thank you connie .
seasoning a cast iron pan yourself is really easy .
i used a screwdriver to lever them in place .
much better looking than all dial toaster ovens .
handle is very comfortable and whisk itself is sturdy .
the smell is overpowering and it gives me headaches .
very happy to know they still make this model .
then the wire near the phone connection got loose .
ordered three of these a few months ago .
product dated 7/2012 on all of the batteries .
it 's achieved grunginess in the past ten months .
i owned one of these for almost 20 years .
coffee and i love my iced tea maker too .
i should have spent extra in the beginning .
i have returned this and ordered the speck case .
well , you just wonder what will break next .
i know that probably made no sense at all .
it now sits in a desk drawer , unused .
im not too disappointed as these were pretty cheap .
i admit it could get better at the end .
first time i used it and went smoothly .
we have a few microfiber towels for camping .
does block the camera lens a little bit .
i like the way it looks , and feels .
it takes quite a bit to even be noticeable .
i bought it to smash avocado for guacamole .
also i have no issues with ac vent mounting .
i bought these shoes because of the good reviews .
for the money , this is a good buy .
bali has other bras that are way better .
it was slightly too large for my old wok .
they work well and last a good while .
i noticed that this only has a single prong .
its rubbery , fits too loosely around the phone .
but for the price it 's worth a shot .
i love oxo products as they are so comfortable .
i did not find anything i 'd call bizare .
will be looking for money back for this product .
way nice than the dollar store ones they replaced .
no more aggravation in making breakfast pancakes or omlettes .
most importantly i love the variety of sizes included .
although , i think dogs would probablylove this item .
i received mine with a broken test tube .
you can get a 12-pack for under thirty-six dollars .
the clips are adhesive backed and can be separated .
i kept it the entire life of the phone .
the otterbox already had the protective covers built in .
i do n't understand why amazon recommends the bundle .
judging by other reviews it 's not just me .
just open it up and rinse , that easy .
my cat could care less about this toy .
pay a bit more but get better quality .
i used it for a year before giving up .
but i lost one and broke the other ) .
absolutely horrid ; cheaper @ costco if you must .
my 1st and only case for my phone .
i will be giving this away very soon .
just a low quality design with the material used .
you can even bake cheesecake in the pressure cooker .
super fast charging compared to a regular usb plug .
believe the bad reviews and save your money .
no one in my family would eat them .
this protein powder is too processed for my tastes .
the chips by themselves are edible , but mediocre .
awful smell and does nothing to the skin .
i will never consider buying anything from this company .
i would buy another in a heart beast .
highly recommended if you like a sanitary sink .
but in fact it was the exact opposite .
blessings to you in all your floor maintenance adventures .
just below level and not entertaining mini games .
item works well but can be extremely dangerous .
out of the box it looks brand new .
they are much more cheaply made than they look .
works great was easy to use and great direction .
if you can live with that -- no worries .
after a few minutes , i depress the plunger .
i do like the after shave lotion though .
i bought this cake plate a few months ago .
the wand attachment worked great on our stairs .
ot constant while squeegeeing or mopping with it .
they arrived in timely fashion and in perfect shape .
i got them broken and sent them back .
push a button and the cord automatically rewinds .
makes a great grill for a college situation .
it 's just way too bulky for my comfort .
they are easier to use and of comparable capacity .
i tried the shaver dry and then also wet .
that actually makes me love it even more .
the lid hold enough bits when filling it .
only strong enough to support a phone laying horizontally .
bamboo is much less likely to stain and scratch .
the product appears to be ok other than that .
too much trouble putting on cover and taking off .
you are giving your pets nothing but antibiotics daily .
as an adult i find this game extremely boring .
i leave it on the pan all the time .
we suspected the possibility of a knockoff or imposter .
this is a pretty good wood block set .
last complaint is the interface between phone and lap-dock .
you get what you pay for with this cord .
i returned it and i am getting my refund .
my tablet has never looked so sleek and professional .
i never have a problem using this measuring cup .
no more garlic smelling hands for days ! .
i think this was one of my gold-box finds .
the heavy granite is perfect for bashing peppercorns .
i just use it for a timer now .
they really work to filter out the tap water .
the stopper now closes easily and securely each time .
it fits horribly.this is where the bt205 shines .
no more having to buy separate car chargers ! .
this toy worked once right after we bought it .
just fill it with soap and hot water .
tho it is still functional for use looks bad .
but the metrokane houdini tackles them with ease .
twist the top off and rinse out the inside .
the remainder gave up and returned the game .
they are not what levi described them to be .
the size is also nice for smaller refrigerators .
we both thought this honey was rather bitter .
i switched from my lovable samsung reverb for this .
there is not enough give in the material .
many people will have less trouble with them .
this loaf pan is heavy weight and very durable .
did the whole mosin scout sniper set up .
the timer is easy to understand and use .
worked few weeks after fixing n started acting up .
i have bought 2 of these so far .
purple pills usually shouldnt be put in your body .
the george grilles also seem expensive for their sizes .
the data in the external usb2 disk got lost .
it was put together very easily and well .
one tiny bubble at the edge pressed out easily .
i hardly ever use my wooden board any more .
i bought it and attempted to assemble this potty .
and thats where we really stand between ratings .
hope you find something quieter that works well .
these smaller tortilla pans are perfect for making desserts .
i settled on this one because of 2 features .
the cables i got were definitely usb 2.0 cables .
a little bit bulky , but not too bad .
bottom line is game cube and xbox are better .
easy to use , wonderful meals in one pot .
these generation 3 minis have a cool concept .
i love my kats but not that much .
i have really only heard from one of them .
henckels , this knife is sharp and top quality .
i have had my ice cream maker for appr .
it fits in my front jeans pocket easily .
the product works just like it supposed to .
not durable enough to use with smaller children .
i have purchased several items from amazon before .
kaileena gives this game the edge it needs .
the buckle area was rough and hurt my feet .
the original case should at least be usable.3 .
these stylus work with all my samsung products .
works well on both hardwood and short carpeting .
the build quality is very plastic , cheap feeling .
i have not had any issues cleaning the machine .
she did n't even seem to like these games .
i put it on with brushes on my face .
the cobraco winplntr13 expandable window planter is very small .
they feel like cardboard painted with clear polymer .
i recently traveled across country carrying 2 similar guitars .
i may have to go back to rockports .
purchased this to grate ginger and zest citrus .
it pulls in a fair amount of air .
crayola missed it big time with this one .
my favorite games of course i hang on to .
you now have to run for your life .
these do exactly what i wanted them to do .
this one works just as well at cleaning carpet .
i purchased this machine after trying a cheaper alternative .
great to have a holder to go with knives .
it may even be as heavy as my camera .
it looks nothing like the one in the picture .
there is minimal order transfer in the refrigerator .
one of the better purchase decisions that i made .
they like it very much and have done well .
purchased for my niece and she loves it .
trying to clean the bottom of a blender .
you can definitely find better ones out there .
i have tried a lot of different bluetooth devices .
the new one was not really working right .
this tangle therapy tool , comes apart super easy .
otherwise the filter will break or fall right through .
my screen stopped working a week out of warranty .
i did end up dumping the hair/dirt 3-4 times .
i great short cocktail or long highball glass .
the solution is thiscuisinart nonstick 14-inch pizza pan .
good large capacity- can make whole caraffes at once .
always test your brew before adding anything to it .
with frying always be careful its hot oil .
the cord is the perfect length for countertop use .
good quality - suction cup stays on very nicely .
i bought this to slice my homemade bread .
i did not pre-vacuum any of the fur .
there is n't much to say about rubber rings .
i could have made this better by myself .
if you have a bumper forget about it .
my hair looked the same so i was disappointed .
the heat from the dryer tends to cause fading .
they look terrific - we are very pleased .
i tried cleaning before applying to no avail .
its like cold cream..same texture as noxema original .
it 's really not very secure to begin with .
it just didnt do much for my hair .
case was exactly what we were looking for .
got this item and it drops internet access frequently .
it was cheaper so i gor a couple .
i believe it came from the supplier compromised .
that im not a fan of mexian vanilla .
i utilized this to make my own phone cover .
8 bucks is not worth the hassle of returning .
i was still amazed we had any signal .
i will buy a second for my office .
my ex-wife got it and still using it .
the product is also warranted for 5 years .
this is my first time trying health/energy bars .
i noticed absolutely no difference using this diffuser .
before i purchased it , i read the reviews .
this has been working great for a year now .
i got the 2-meal version of this product .
i have had heel pain for a long time .
seems to be compatible with many new phones .
i will never buy from this company again .
however , this cereal is just way to hard .
i do n't know why anyone would need this .
performs the same , if not better than wusthof .
needed some run-of-the-mill mixing bowls for my apartment kitchen .
that brings me to another subject and another annoyance .
it is a perfect complement to our lifestyle .
saves your back compared to the old dustbusters .
there is a seperate bio-wheel attatchment for bio filtration .
used it for years at home and when traveling .
this bag works perfect for my winter jacket storage .
i do alot of baking and appreciate this product .
save both by giving this one a pass2/5 overall .
i got it and was initially very happy .
now my tank temperature is at about 73 degrees .
that 's heaven for a reluctant cook like myself .
defiantly the best ever for when it was made .
i also put my tablet in an otterbox .
i replaced it with an insulated metal cup .
big enough for 4 patties and boneless chicken breast .
flabbergasted that charcoal can work wonders like this .
wanted these for storage , not for preserving food .
amazon prevents return due to too flammable to ship .
after two minutes i had to take it off .
there is nothing too special about this product .
calphalon pan as well as the next size smaller .
get the original if you want a mousetrap game .
the ear piece itself is light and comfy .
it hooks over medium and large bowls nicely .
fit to the ear is very soft and secure .
made another on each setting to see the differences .
i use this attachment primarily for the stairs .
i am an avid amateur photographer for 20+ years .
but that was my fault not the pan 's .
gold toe seems to be cutting corners or something .
it replaced cheap skimmers that were all bent up .
i have it in a 2001 rav4 oem stereo .
the spaces for the eyes are not large enough .
emphatically , told him no and explained my experience .
have returned for another same model , same problem .
it wasn't.everything about this game is substandard and disappointing .
( avoid putting a hot utensil into cold water .
there 's no 3-seconds of blackness on the playstation .
bass drums sound like somebody slapping a pillow .
i hope it will stay there and perform well .
is so helpful to have around when cooking .
albeit a wee bit overpriced , in my opinion .
this is perfect and doing a great job .
this is exactly as great as i expected .
not happy with the looks and the fit .
they claim it dries clear but it does n't .
despite the itching i did not bump up .
there is no comparison , this is the best .
it snaps right on and stays locked in place .
each of the 4 topside end up varying brownness .
my girl destroyed this in under 10 minutes .
you can only time one thing at a time .
these are fantastic , though - i highly recommend .
received this yesterday , amazon shipping is so fast .
but it is good material and well made .
not a one person installation.goes up and down easily .
this product was small and hard to hold .
everything you need to do your canning is here .
i tried it with and without cloth strips .
it has a very fruity taste which is good .
it broke with less than 5 times being used .
the spring does not hold the bottle in place .
each one died the first time i used it .
i have just under zero slack on the cable .
i have looked everywhere for a taco press .
pops almost all of the kernels every time .
its pressurized filters ensure that every shot has crema .
the product is relible and good for the money .
this knife works perfectly in this device.no mess .
i have a dog leash tied around his neck .
it was near impossible for her to lay down .
it looks good , cleans good and cooks good .
i would purchase from them again without hesitation .
my son did not like this very much .
good purchase and for the price its a steal .
these colors are not very pigmented at all .
the jack peg on this does not fit .
all stick after being used for a while .
this is a tank of a lid cover .
about 25 feet , unless you arc the shot .
one of them tried and chewed and chewed .
with the nyx eyeshadow primer my eyelids are oilier .
another hint is to depress the plunger slowly .
it takes all the guess work out of it .
this will sure help to keep it clean .
i have had my wm 6qt for 11 months .
sponges still get smelly , but not as quickly .
i could n't feel any menthol in this lotion .
my husband did not like this at all .
but there was not a problem with this one .
got this one and the motorola brand dash mount .
look up the 700-ct and you 'll be siked .
this card doesnt work in *any* of them .
it worked well at first on my evo .
i love the rich red color of this cover .
i know of no dog that does not .
and it 's definitely not worth a disappointed kid .
it sucked the oils right out of my skin .
so i got the juicer and it is ok .
this so far is an excellent egg poacher .
they kids only got to play with it twice .
on the astro3 it powers and charges correctly .
the automatic programming is well thought out , though .
otherwise it works as a red filter just fine .
last night i went to look at these .
paired easily with both my phone and laptop .
i love the little stainless steel pot too .
overall , my child is kinda bored with him .
clean up is a breeze with this pan .
i will share this seller with people i know .
there 's no fine mist setting on these sprayers .
what happened after that just plain scared me .
this baking dish works very well until it cracks .
a new irritating quirk has developed on power-up .
bones are kept for broth.so easy to use .
however , if you played these games since conception .
i thought the squirrels were small to begin with .
the itchiness soon after i out it on .
i bought one of these and it was defective .
the very first ingredient is ground yellow corn .
i was surprised that the product was from poland .
i bought this case and initially i was happy .
this disher/scoop is very well made and works perfectly .
i needed a little bigger than usual kitchen scale .
and of course water quality must be good .
great item to have around and worth the money .
these run quite small even though they are stretchy .
you get 3 different connectors , which is cool .
maybe all bluetooths have a pretty low maximum volume .
this meat hammer is just perfect for me .
i would recommend this to anyone with a tablet .
- has come clean with zero elbow grease .
this game is boring with a capital b .
we took him to the vet at 4a .
this is so convenient for charging my things .
minus one for requiring adjustment on day one .
i must not have a real application for this .
it also looked kinda silly because it is small .
this cocoa is very weak in taste and texture .
it is very comfortable , just not sized right .
but i never ever expected them to actually hurt .
the model number i am reviewing is the 3670g .
keeps it warm for hours and does n't leak .
please dont make the same mistake i did .
i do recommend this highly and without reservation .
this product looks like and works as advertised .
this tastes weird in whatever i out it in .
the pans sold today are made in china .
works well and fits my needs and expectations .
hot beverages will be hot to the touch .
i purchased the jambox as a black friday special .
the terk pulled in one on the new panasonic .
i lost mine so i bought another one .
it 's really hard to get your pills out .
the only drawback is the awkward internal shape .
i will write another review about it then .
looked at reviews and checked fans in the store .
i prchased this rod for light ocean fishing .
i had 3 batteries that were constantly being charged .
the fibermesh fabric tip is the winning feature .
it did n't do anything but make face sticky .
the fisher price socks he can never get off .
usually wash by hand except when cutting raw meat .
it was so great that i bought it twice .
i was very pleased with the amazon return process .
but then a bell went off in my head .
you can easily bubble it with your finger .
i was highly dissapointed when i received this today .
sure it 's interesting to run from the police .
the entire burger is cooked exactly the same .
it will snap over an elago slim case .
these pig ears arrived quickly and were well-packed .
first they do n't stay stuck together at all .
i 've had several different headsets through the years .
i own two of these types of marble slicers .
but she has had the same flip phone forever .
the only difference is the store sold bright colors .
the presto does everything it states it will do .
my iphone paired with it quickly and easily.2 .
i guess i got what i paid for .
the kettle came quickly as all amazon products do .
the bladesafe protects the blade during drawer storage .
i would say this is not always true .
this should not even be allowed on the market .
was not worth the cost and trouble to return .
delivery was fast and it was easy to open .
so effectively this case is useless to me .
this mixer died after only a few uses .
more handy than i ever thought it would be .
you can even cook frozen items without first defrosting .
far better than buying any crap from market .
it should start as a very dark stream .
i thought this was too good to be true .
they arrived in good condition and worked well .
its large and heavy , almost like a wok .
others have ably covered the phone 's technical specs .
it used to smell so fresh and clean .
however , the bra part didnt reach my breast .
the palettes are kind of cheap in my opinion .
it has almost a metal/chemically aftertaste to it .
this little pan seemed perfect for my toaster oven .
you have little to no real decision making ability .
compared kitchenaid and cuisinart in all the large sizes .
but so far i have n't felt any difference .
it 's very sturdy and just the right size .
this skillet did just fine with both things .
i got this as a gift for my mom .
i recently gave a skillet as a wedding gift .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
went to my ent doc and he recommended this .
it is a good buy and lasts forever .
i did n't feel comfortable carrying this thing around .
re3 seems it brought the entire series in shame .
it can be used for just about anything .
these covers work well to protect our phone faces .
it did n't fit well around the actual phone .
the rubber grips are a nice ergonomic touch .
so all my knives were loose in a drawer .
first the usb port wiggled back and forth. , .
i purchased this for my daughter for her birthday .
i use this for when i make green juice .
i would recommend this product for the price .
it does not matter how gentle you are .
gravy making was so much easier this year ! .
my husband is an over the road trucker .
love the look and shape of this pitcher .
works just as well as the expensive apple ones .
a little veg oil in a warmed pan .
i think this just stretched my skin too much .
and for you environmentalist , the package is recyclable .
i also like the feel of this case .
price and delivery from amazon are best around .
it 's the touches that makes this case excel .
ceramic also can be dangerous if you microwave .
my husband likes popcorn and makes it quite often .
i have none worthy enough to give them .
the outer cover in those designs is cosmetic .
it makes a loud noise when pulling and retracting .
fits both of those so i bought 2 more .
i love these things and keep buying them .
food cans to transfer the coffee to the thermos .
i ordered this for a friend and loves it .
we 've never had a problem with the whistles .
and the lid from the pan fit the steamer .
small enough to carry with me wherever i go .
it does exactly what is was advertised to do .
this is a bug to end all bugs .
our carpet had been neglected for a while .
i am done trying anything that nioxin puts out .
exactly the size of the apple one i lost .
the volume turns to mute all the time .
it looks like a more expensive product is necessary .
but this one does the job very nicely .
this is really the worst concealer i have used .
the photo on the amazon web site is deceptive .
i like the otterbox but has one flaw .
will see how that works when it arrives .
it 's easy to use and sharpens very well .
it is very messy and impossible to clean .
having the rings makes life so much easier .
i am returning the remainder of this immediately .
we got this as a gift 4 years ago .
well , this was a total waste of money .
perfect for those who struggle with waiter corkscrews .
so why not just charge using your own device .
at best some people will find it unobjectionable .
now we ca n't play with it at all .
once i used it , my worries went away .
i am convinced philips has the worst quality control .
read about this item in the amazon daily .
sometimes requiring a force close of the program .
the only feature i miss is dual source support .
so i just wanted something small and cheap .
definitely not opi or any other brand name quality .
the one i had was difficult to operate .
it does what a broom would but better .
i even convinced a few friends to buy one .
my aged sephora tweezers do a better job .
it makes perfect poached eggs hard or soft .
used it once and bent the damn thing .
the two different head shapes are much more effective .
1st one i put on is still on. , .
however they are quite excellent at the price point .
tried it out before wrapping - it worked wonderfully .
the unit we received may have been defective .
i had problems getting the sticky stuff put .
the bass is adjustable , unlike my old speakers .
multi function and a necessity for any baker .
the voice acting is about the only bright spot .
this works well with my very old kitchen aid .
a full recharge will take a couple hours .
i actually had high hopes for this stuff .
yet my oily tzone was like an oil slick .
the case comes off easily and pops on fast .
it is a good game , but nothing more .
this phone picks up fingerprints like nothing else .
well i had both of those problems as well .
the headphones are covered but open up when needed .
i have no idea why they went with this .
these were incorrectly sized for men - not women .
once i cleaned my face the itch was gone .
the innocase clips easily and securely to the holster .
set in freezer and you 're good to go .
might as well buy the one without the crank .
the price was right and it works as advertised .
only took a few days from order to delivery .
i mostly use mine to time my french press .
my wife loved this thing while she had it .
these seem like useful instructions to prevent breakage .
recognizing your favorite players are not a problem .
gave to a friend who liked it okay .
always does a good job of popping corn .
i have been nothing but satisfied with this product .
black and decker has a super winner here .
your car will drive through anything and everything .
i have had this for over a year .
it blends in with all my other kitchen appliances .
if it did , it would be five stars .
the high price is not commensurate with its ability .
the top lid stops ingredients from flying out .
carpet was dry to return furniture the next morning .
a matching lid makes it even more versatile .
they smell good and do taste of real blueberries .
but yeah like i said a rather pathetic issue .
my straffordshire terrier destroyed this within a short time .
this mascara washes off easily with plain water .
this was after methodical applications of the uv protectant .
cancels noise well and easily adjusted for comfortable fit .
food tastes better cooked in a quality pot .
the product does not seem to hold up well .
glad to have a generous supply on hand .
i wanted more out of enter the matrix .
people have their own preferences in what they like .
but my problem was with the packaging and shipping .
it has worked well with no complaints or problems .
however , the inlay left much to be desired .
the only thing to really watch is scratching it .
made me breakout because this product contains oil .
this is truly meant to be an international product .
great little gift for the person that has everything .
a much safer way of heating up your meal .
but whatever the reason this was a disappointment .
i 've owned this headset for about two hours .
this is easily an xl or even an xxl .
it is easy to use , easy to clean .
and no the formations do not even look good .
highly attractive and satisfying to own and use .
it is just not a good quality cat food .
these were true to size and very comfortable .
i debated for a while in purchasing this .
it will hold two large wooden spoons easily .
it does take considerable pressure to turn the cap .
the price was great so i got them .
when i cooked 4 , it took 4.5 minutes .
the key here is it does n't prevent it .
you can only split screen -- no quad screen.7 .
also , it felt like i was standing flat .
instead it looked like just a basic litter pan .
so far i am happy with my purchase ' .
then i played call of duty finest hour .
paired with my iphone 4 and fiio e17 .
the see saw and sand box are fine .
i love mine , and have no buyers remorse .
spend a few dollars more and get better quality .
the same can be said for the non-stick pan .
a broiler rack and matching pan are included .
it feels solid and well designed in the hand .
i 've noticed no difference with using this product .
now my devices charge as fast as they can .
screen goes in very nicely and no air bubbles .
any thing i plug in it pops out .
the cheap price is n't always the best answer .
think real hard before you buy quake4 for pc .
this fits my samsung galaxy s3 very well .
i am tired of buying vacuums that break .
i bought this one and i love it .
so those are my negatives here are my positives .
i have both a deni and a foodsaver .
one side of the headphone does not work .
guess i should have realized that but did n't .
the pyrex set is much better in that aspect .
i have switched to nubian 's lotions and soaps .
found usa made rawhide on mickey 's pet supples .
this happened after replacing the battery approximately three times .
this citrus squeezer is made with quality materials .
i bought it to match my copper mixing bowl .
really disgusted with this product on the first try .
here it is so to a much greater degree .
every time i use it , i regret it .
pros : ordered my usual size and it fit .
this tube blew out after less than 10 miles .
this is the perfect size for just about anything .
it literally attached itself with no major bubbles .
what can one expect from 'made in china ' .
the fda has banned from dog and cat foods .
would purchase items made similar to this item .
i am 125 lbs , this shouldnt even be .
i will be buying more from this company .
it 's a game that screenshots do not justify .
the pattern is so light it almost looks faded .
i hope i can return them for a refund .
it was too bad because they were so cute .
can tell how much battery life is left6 .
there is only one major flaw with gameplay .
i dismounted the tire and checked things out .
i purchased this item based on many reviews .
she prefers other brands that are usually organic .
for the money it is a huge disappointment .
i think this amounts to a matter of opinion .
i have to pay for the return purchase besides .
otherwise , stick to a computer and a tricycle .
perfect product when you have limited space to use .
but its the kinstones that ruin this game .
kitchenaid is nothing more than a scam front .
i was so surprised when this one arrived .
this happened when i ordered something from them previously .
this is the perfect size for our oven .
worked initially when there was not much security .
entertaining to watch when he does get going .
there was no aluminum anywhere on the planet .
seems pretty accurate , and works all the time .
the lid is reasonably snug but not super tight .
it even comes with a nice plastic case .
you can use just any usb-microusb cable with it .
the sole between the lug portion had cracked .
it came in great shape for second hand .
i found it a little annoying to put together .
the thing in the middle on mine is crooked .
it is sticky and also smells very strange .
it is definitely worth the money to own .
we heard about these , but never used them .
these filters did an excellent job of filtering .
i myself tried it using a very small amount .
i will be using these forever for cake layers .
i got the iron oiled leather with grey wool .
sage does have a fair range of motion .
we 've had it for at least four years .
i got it right on the first try .
heats up quickly and the copper bottom is great .
it is very sturdy and has metal handles .
they are lightweight but nevertheless work really well .
it was very easy to put onto the screen .
did not have any issues with the seller .
he just curls up in the curve and naps .
i have been so pleased with this purchase .
these make baking uniform size cookies a breeze ! .
the product says dual link right in the title .
this is a product that serves for double duty .
these are more like a size 8 extra wide .
so far , everything about the kettle works fine .
overall a big disappointment and a waste of money .
diet is the best way to improve your skin .
i looked online and still could n't figure out .
stopped working just after a one year mark .
the case was way to big for that .
it will make you hate dragon ball z .
the imp70d is more than adequate while traveling .
the only microusb cable i have that does this .
has simple to connect power and ground connections .
these shoes do not fit like my other keens .
i have had this product for about 6 months .
concentrated fish oil , 900 mg omega-3 per pill .
shifted fine for the first month of road riding .
i wore this watch for a couple of weeks .
in addition , he has a very good filter .
for starters the main character looks like a chick .
this 5200mah unit will so she likes it too .
it is small and very easy to store .
looks like another bug in phone 's simple functionality.8 .
i purchased because of the easy clean up .
maybe i 'm just too used to running without .
cheap and effective for what it is designed for .
i received the correct product and it works well .
in that respect , this set satisfies my requirements .
i am not wasting my time with it anymore .
do not buy it it simply wont work .
i maintain that i ordered the right one .
i like them much better than opaque storage containers .
does not work with iphone 3gs at all .
my daughter had a passing interest in it .
altough i have seen one for a palm .
it need a 2 quart pot or larger , .
carry bag is convenient to keep all accessories together .
i like how the cord feeds back in automatically .
i only got these to properly fit in once .
i never got a good recording from this device .
frills and pretty designs were not important to me .
i ordered this bra with hopes based on reviews .
this skillet is almost commercial size in my opinion .
i actually saw fair results - nothing crazy .
i wish they made it in a smaller size .
it cooks everything to perfection all in one pan .
you can only do this from a windows computer .
case holds all of this in one convenient place .
so i did thanks hde for wasting my time .
the location for placing treats was poorly constructed .
or getting food at the bowling alley concession stand .
i like bare minerals buxom lip glosses better .
jocks like football games because they play football .
it was more royal blue than this bright blue .
the 3 of them run into my fire .
this one was reasonably priced and worked great .
these are great for cooking , storing and reheating .
but then it goes down and its too sweet .
it was inexpensive and gets the job done .
these will be the pots and pans i use .
the first day i got this i loved it .
it does not work in uk safety sockets .
i dont even know what else to say .
it is a top-down shooter and a first-person shooter .
had they worked , it would have been great .
but that same feature makes it inappropriate for company .
you will not be sorry if you do .
what a waste of time and money.never again .
but the consistency was not the biggest problem .
this 2 cup measuring cup is no exception .
do not use if you have sensitive skin .
it is great for my longer robes and dresses .
just stick with cheez-its for a cheese flavored snack .
green peppers and soft foods just turn into juice .
i use real maple syrup and cinnamon in others .
this is pretty easy for a boss fight too .
hydrolysate is the fastest acting , followed by isolate .
after dropping basically over $ 40 with shipping etc .
you can buy corset stays at most fabric stores .
all the tricks only using their paint everything .
its simply the best tasting popcorn i have had .
i use them for brownies , cupcakes and cookies .
this arrived last week and it is very nice .
we 've had ours for nearly 8 years now .
love the options and the case to protect them .
this set could easily be reduced to 10 pieces.2 .
we bought almost all of the spectrum items .
until the last few weeks , it performed beautifully .
its a very good phone and works perfect .
the case has a soft feel to it .
easy to clean and satisfies that popcorn craving perfectly .
no improvement.i finally threw out the remaining tins .
it also did a finer and better job .
i used to have a white rack/sink grid .
the police will sometimes stop you for speeding .
dont buy those cheap stuff with low voltage .
it works well and it seems really sharp .
just to get one curl took about 5-6 times .
i will then strain the leaves into my cup .
not wrapped in plastic or any type of packaging .
does n't seem flimsy from what i can see .
sonicstage hangs , the disk spins and never stops .
my first application was not a great one .
they are thinner than expected but work great .
this accessory is what you want to buy .
not as much as others but it does leak .
it occasionally loses connection while i am using it .
i expected more of melissa & doug toys .
the case this comes with scratches my phone .
i finally had to force the battery out .
the sound quality when using this adapter is baaad .
i have been using norelco razor 's for years .
add 1/2 cup sugar and beat until fluffy .
no scratches and the finish is still beautiful .
only cut hard vegetables , not for soft vegetables .
the headphones work but there are many issues .
overall i am very happy about the purchase .
if your nonna claims credit , she is lying .
one suction cup works better than the other .
the items didn'tstick at anytime during the cooking process .
everything has to be figured out by yourself .
i returned it and bought a gunvault instead .
these are very sturdy and high quality pans .
unfortunately , it made my eyes red-rimmed and itchy .
took me forever to find a phone number .
i ordered the horizontal leather iphone case indicated here .
but at least i know its air tight .
also turns it into a good braising vessel .
it has not done this with phone calls .
i just bought this vacuum for my bare floors .
i would recommend avoiding this game at all costs .
i bought this one primarily for the baking/roasting/broiling ability .
he seems to like that better than other brands .
this stamping polish is faint gold and somewhat thin .
even i started going back to the store-bought brands .
cooks 2 pounds of patty sausage in 15 minutes .
this product has been with me for a while .
the iphone is flat , this cover is curvy .
and , they fit together in just that order.a .
this is a great product , a real workhorse .
it almost falls apart , disassembly is that easy .
this was just too bulky for my athletic shoes .
the unit does not fit the phone properly .
the gingerbread version of android is a real stunner .
it looks like a piece of pink glow bracelet .
i like big pearls with a business suit .
it will not fall off of your belt .
youtube and other flash movie outlets are another story .
these products definitely have a good moisturizing effect .
the voice quality of the microphone is very impressive .
i installed it on my windows 2000 laptop .
this is an ok phone out of the box .
fill carafe to the ice fill line with ice .
i really could n't be more thrilled with it .
it is functional and usable , but a pain .
feet should be more rubbery to stick better .
perhaps with ray orbison style frames it would be .
i like this style of ear mounted headset .
buttons on ear pieces are functional and fairly intuitive .
keep the microwave clean of spatters and pops .
when i saw that , it turned me around .
this drink is basically lightly carbonated fruit juice .
this produces good , clear sound for its size .
these would fit a very narrow foot best .
this product interferred with a med i was taking .
in california the water tends to be very hard .
it also looks very attractive on the nightstand .
sort of messed up this time.here 's the thing .
my puppy has very fluffy hair with an undercoat .
helped us with our organization quite a bit .
after 2 weeks of usage it completely stopped working .
they have easy grip handles made out of rubber .
you can answer call waiting with this too .
we 've used a couple smaller actionpackers for camping .
will purchase from seller again if i need to .
if you like realistic shooting games get conflict veitnam .
i do n't know if i bought it used .
it is a type of fat italian pasta .
they are just too tight and pinch my ears .
it sits in the corner now , collecting dust .
i had quality control issues on my last citizen .
i was prepared to give this a poor rating .
but i would not recommend this to anyone .
it was warped and did not close properly .
the pictures were also a little dark , too .
this model is a great buy on amazon .
the case is durable and has protected my phone .
mine arrived opened and leaking all over the box .
not until i find some made in the usa .
and bed , bath and beyond carry it too .
i 'm glad i got it to work though .
this happened with abnormally skinny adults sleeping on it .
frustrated , i thought id received a bad machine .
the charger also works on any cell phone battery .
pass interference is called so inconsistently it 's laughable .
i would absolutely not recommend this game to others .
at first but the bristles fell out pretty quickly .
the parts were perfect and fit together easily .
they have been envious for quite some time .
this was a must have for my cell phone .
this has quickly become my favorite kitchen gadget .
healthy foods for healthy mind and body not chemicals .
i can hear very good out of this one .
my wife has a lot of this fiesta wear .
this set comes closest to meeting those criteria .
is a life saver when my bluetooth headset dies .
everything is ground to an absolutely fine powdery consistency .
i bought this face trimmer looking to upgrade .
all my appliance and kitchen do-dads are white .
the contact point where the wok will sit .
i had been looking for these for a while .
being able to adjust the flow is very useful .
i loved these canisters for about 2 years .
i went against the reviews and tried this .
for the price i can not expect too much .
it is still out of stock there and here .
great to keep with you for long trips .
it is easy to use and easy to clean .
i would advise to never set burner on high .
you get to play 3 girls as characters .
zagg goes on easily as if very durable .
there really is n't a comparison to the two .
my dad is rough on phones and cases .
nor did my wife , will not buy again .
you pull back the silcone to access them .
the picture is a misrepresentation , i feel ripped-off .
i purchased chicago cutlery knives about 6 years ago .
love it ! highly recommend to protect iphone glass .
they stay together and are easy to assemble .
parts fit nicely , easy to assemble and disassemble .
the leather also folds inward near the edge .
it 's a shame these phones never took off .
then you will be out $ 40 for this .
the gameplay is fun , but too many flaws .
so i sent it back for a refund .
i have been very pleased with my panini grill .
it was basically a fun all around game .
they make an elegant presentation all by themselves .
now it sucks like crazy and all the dust/hair/etc .
never used soap , oiled a bit after use .
too bad for scooby doo and the gang .
guess i will use it to season something .
therefore i am giving bioshock a one star rating .
it is not useful for cooking with heat .
this is so well made and works great .
never letting you figure anything out on your own .
this is stainless steel and was made in china .
i am sure it will be a big hit .
best $ 20 i spent in the past month .
wish i would 've known about flat whisks earlier .
i kinda thought they were doing something wrong .
was there another canister inside that one ? no .
it 's a nice brown not orange at all .
so i thought why not try this contraption .
i ca n't believe what this is selling for .
i measure them but its not rocket science .
you save a bundle with these large sizes .
that 's how we judged video games back then .
not one of them lasted more than 6 months .
mine broke 30 seconds into the first use .
absolutely will not look classy as a backpack .
this is a sophisticated radio controlled quad copter .
i did get the case on time and efficiently .
i only wish that i had purchased it sooner .
they have helped with my ocular rosacea so much .
this can opener is as good as folks claim .
if only manufacturers would return to making quality products .
but i did n't buy them for the dogs .
i like the fact that it has reusable filter .
probably 6 of them in there right now .
keeps the smaller pieces from falling through conventional grates .
believe me though , the results are very satisfying .
so disappointing when companies compromise their products like this .
it does slip around a bit if not careful .
this is literally smaller than half my thumb .
i have several of these on my kitchen counter .
but at least has direct input for the numbers .
recently , i bought 2 silicone covers by philips .
i am sticking with listerine for my gums .
i suggest a metallic case instead of plastic .
our friend had that and it worked marvelously .
you can cook rice earlier in the day.6 .
this potato masher feels good in my hand .
now i could open the map and drive carefree .
it does what i want it to do .
i am still on the fence on this one .
i did not have any problems with them .
i know that sounds weird but they really did .
there have been some battery life issues as well .
they really did nothing but bind me up .
at least one reviewer indicated success with this approach .
it made absolutely fantastic espresso until it stopped working .
i have verizon wireless in the washington d.c .
this game is a waste of the wwe license .
note that i love basketball and football games .
reverse the process to put in the new display .
not only does cast iron cook the best .
without a doubt this stuff was the cause .
this machine does a great job of steaming vegetables .
i choose five because i like the product .
use the money and buy yourself something better .
it seems i jumped the gun a bit .
that 's why i give this a high rating .
but i want the benefits of garlic too .
their customer service is in the dominican republic ) .
the dough stays down in the beater area .
this certainly bombed the whole trilogy with its gameplay .
save yourself the grief and buy the amplifier .
the cover also partially covers up the camera lense .
the case broke within 2 months of purchase .
i really wanted to make some baked beans .
i use this scoop for cookies and muffins .
it paired easily with her env2 verizon phone .
the green almost has a yellow/green shimmer to it .
my fiance got sick because of this food supplement .
it also feels good when i hold the phone .
it should not include messing up a whole foundation .
this company uses cheap products from chinathat are poisen .
he visited a friend who owns a dyson .
there is even some lag-input inbetween supers at times .
my nervous kitty is still as freaky as ever .
it arrived with 2 leaking bottles and poor packaging .
btw - any charger will get warm or hot .
also would make great gift to a coffee lover .
i wish i would have purchased this sooner ! .
in my opinion this was a good choice .
i carefully read reviews before selecting a health shake .
it is really greasy and doesnt smell very good .
i guess you 'd have to use super-thick batter .
i absolutely will never again buy levis products .
i love sparkling but my husband prefers wine .
i do n't think it is intended for that .
the problem i had was with the flavor .
perhaps that to has helped with battery life .
after they were softened , i strained the tomatos .
this product does not hold your ends down .
a test run would have helped a lot .
the detachable cord is also a great feature .
that is really really so irritating to me .
many people report that their espresso tastes burnt .
infact , walking with it in shoes eventually hurts .
this is an excellent tea-maker and very practical .
i wish it would have worked for me .
my phone has survived several drops with these cases .
this game is nothing more than a lame racing-wannabe .
have a different linksys router ? forget about it .
my husband is obsessed with this little gadget .
the recipes in this books are tedious to make .
the headset is comfortable and works just fine .
i think it will get better with practice .
the 62890 features a tiny timer on the front .
really only good for a small air conditioner .
this made my nails a grotesque yellow color .
many plugs hog up outlets or power strips .
my mom 's ragdoll cat enjoys it very much .
i did n't see any improvement what so ever .
west bend 82306 stir crazy 6-quart electric popcorn popper .
the graphics on the otehr hand arent that bad .
i find this to be a poor replacement .
these retail for at least $ 50 in stores .
even manually punching down the dough did not help .
the soup is a runny liquid with few vegetables .
hard to get cans out of the bottom .
no more wasting money on starbucks or keurig cups .
this must be a sick joke by motorola .
i was very excited about getting this device .
the enamel will chip if you abuse it .
she does n't use it as a scratching post .
i have the same problem as other reviewers .
this game is not what i had expected .
i have several of these cases in my family .
they 're in the dishwasher and microwave every day .
it is well built and last a long time .
it washes easily by hand or in the dishwasher .
it can play the music via fm transmitter +3 .
wish the phone was as good a the cover .
we love it and are very selective about quality .
it has a big wheel and cuts through everything .
the point of a screen protector is protection .
its actually not that bad to clean either .
the walmart pure balance food also caused gas .
i bought satechi car mount for my iphone 4 .
easily detachable from the ring for single use .
we use a gold-tone filter which gives good flow .
waiting for me to find a use for it.c .
it is designed to disassemble and clean very easily .
docking states -- lot so f them out there .
it also was not as shiny or healthy looking .
think of this as the chevy chevette of palms .
i think it ranks up there with hoover .
this one has turned out to work just fine .
will be purchasing another one for the other room .
i would buy the packs of woolite again .
i really matured as a programmer during that time .
2 ) the top of the heater is bulky .
the one i received is n't a good knife .
the excess water goes in the drip tray .
overall , this item is well worth the investment .
it makes picking up chopped veggies a breeze .
great for making candy and cookies and anything else .
overall i was not happy with the game itself .
had to do the vet drops for one month .
and stay away from delicate curtains with this thing .
i think the coloring is a real poor choice .
it holds 3+ 1lb/16 oz packs of typical spaghetti .
and let me same it sure is pretty case .
just what is the problem with remote reliability ? .
one day i make espresso and the next perk .
first of all the pump did not work .
it goes great with my kitchenaid pro 600 mixer .
looks great on counter , love all the buttons .
this charge the iphone 4s about half way .
the good - fit and finish are first rate .
my plastic bowls and lids do n't fly everywhere .
the 'mini fig ' is nothing of the sort .
we had to augment them with another cleanser .
i believe i have already reviewed this item also .
they seem to learn more in real life situations .
nothing like the original product to make me happy .
it is not a big deal to tighten it .
i breast feed about 99 % of the time .
the guard stays put for a long time .
these screens were cut to fit my phone .
the carmel nut chew is much better tasting .
i liked it a lot when it worked .
it also seems like a watch for a child .
i had a new one in 2 days .
it is a great phone and was very study .
i may put one on my phone as well .
needless to say , it has never been moved .
first one came cracked , second one came chipped .
the wiz is the perfect alternative for this scenario .
ca n't believe i paid so much for this .
i had a hodge-podge of plastic containers for leftovers .
i use these every morning in the gym .
i can freeze the pesto for later use .
looking for a dive watch for my son .
the directions for using the pc-link are basically useless .
bought this as a christmas gift for sister-in-law .
now i got to buy a separate screen protector .
i actually have 3 of these otterbox cases .
does a good job and easy to read .
this counter is so handy because of many things .
the corelle individual 28-ounce bowls are my favorite .
this game was pretty simple and got boring quickly .
some of the preset buttons stopped working first .
nothing mentioned in the amazon ad about that .
my first pot that i bought in cast iron .
the feel of the nylon was rough and uncomfortable .
i recommend you try recoil curl activator by ag .
i have never been disappointed with any wilton product .
however small dogs chew through their collars easily .
a flat board does n't get used at all .
pop it in the microwave and zap it .
order came earlier than expected & everything was good .
made on equipment that also processes soy and wheat .
much better than my old shower curtain rings .
also , only purchase this if you have patience .
this case is slippery when you put it in .
an amazon search turned up this five dollar item .
the e-mail and calendar are a bit lacking out-of-the-box .
i guess you get what you pay for .
it does what i need it to do .
i am really tired of looking for face wash .
i 'm seriously thinking of buying a second one .
saw white papery bed liner and sent right back .
they bit it twice and then walked away .
not sure if all blades are that brittle .
best of all they are made in usa ! .
this is a decent adapter for the price .
comes already seasoned and ready to go..easy cleanup .
all my knives have benefited from this simple contraption .
nice and easy to clean or dish wash .
got it specifically to clean potatoes for t'giving .
i hate this phone case a waste of money .
i blasted it with air and it was quiet .
i 'll stick with the bottled brand name teas .
it makes a dish look professional and 'finished ' .
got it to charge my motorola x cell phone .
too bad i only change it every 2 months .
hard shell over rubber ? yep works for me .
i do not generally have problems taking pills .
for one thing , the maps are pretty bad .
very disappointed , and a waste of nice fruit .
but it was the same thing all over again .
the handle is hollow and uncomfortable to hold .
this toy is fun , when it stays together .
these makers are very durable and keep for years .
like i want a lamp for my keyboard .
finally starting to come out of their shells .
they are light weight and works great for everything .
this product does not fit a stratosphere phone .
i still have a little bit of it left .
nice sharp edges , plenty of variation in size .
was over-the-moon when i found these on amazon .
the cream is light and goes on easily .
i have the delonghi 980 watt 7 quart mixer .
it makes it easy to organize the silverware drawer .
it was impossible to select any other channels .
these rubber grips make opening bottles and jars effortless .
at the current price this phone is a bargain .
it really helps protect the phones from scratches .
delivery was good - even faster then i expected .
this feels like grease is left on your face .
i have changed my rating to a 2 b.c .
i have disposed of every other skillet i own .
this eye cream does not do a thing ! .
so the panties are pretty much useless now .
i would have been much better with clearer instructions .
the included spray solutions makes installation easy enough .
i did not want to waste my money .
hopefully this can be repaired with some super glue .
buy two of these phones and they work perfectly .
must buy if you want perfect poached eggs .
it attaches on fine to my droid 2 global .
itunes is the painpoint , with tough to use .
they are not for women with bigger chests .
it also takes hardly any time to complete .
fyi - insomniac was the original developer of spyro .
we followed the recommendations on the instructions and everything .
still reaches her back end with no problem whatsoever .
these unfortunately do not cut well at all .
about 14 hours previously , it had worked fine .
in reality all you get is a giant headache .
seems geared to the very young kiddie set .
it simply is not reliable in that capacity .
the lemon and orange flavors literally made me gag .
generally , the micro usb is on newer phones .
they werevery helpful and answered all my questions .
i figured i 'd be flying in another ten .
i love yougurt and this is the ideal machine .
i have had this product for 2 years now .
i bought these glasses because they are tempered glass .
i 'm familiar with caffeine is supposed to do .
it makes cutting dough and cleaning up very easy .
super cheap price for a dual car charger .
not the quality one would expect from this company .
mango and orange together make a terrific pop .
otherwise there is complete silence while you fight .
no wonder people think violence stems from video games .
it is about to become a curb ornament .
less noisy than the other unit i have .
an electronic training collar is a much better investment .
fm transmitter quality/sound quality is not very good2 .
gave this to my daughter and she loves it .
overall more of a frustrating rather than fun experience .
and dripping or dropping some along the way .
i can also facetime and it has a microphone .
now i use a slightly higher than medium heat .
this should definitely be something in your kitchen drawer .
i will not purchase this product ever again .
i use my frequently for pounding boneless chicken .
i like the new operating system a lot .
otherwise does a good job of filtering the coffee .
this happened to me twice while cooking thanksgiving dinner .
i would recommend this to anyone who enjoys cooking .
i like other free and clear products though .
i had too many issues with 3rd party sellers .
i really like the way they make the cables .
would not purchase again not worth the money .
when i received the product , it came damaged .
i will not buy lodge logic online again .
i took some benadryl and a chlor tab .
i really like the power switch on this device .
this one did n't make it through year two .
it was a great buy of a quality product .
i 've read a few reports that it doesnt .
thin pie dough is flaky tasty pie crust .
the graphics and gameplay shall be improved a bit .
absolutely ridiculous.bottom line , do not buy this helicopter .
have owned original one for almost 4 years now .
that was a year and a half of misery .
i was really disappointed when i got this scent .
i 'm sorry to say that i was wrong .
i bought these collars as advised by my vet .
i am now wary of all kettle products .
i bought one for all our family members .
it 's shocking and disgusting how bad they are .
just take your time and use a steady hand .
not worth the $ 8 i paid for it .
all the spoken commands make things easy as well .
i live in the desert surrounded by sand .
lovely color , easy to use and quite durable .
i have family that have athritis in their hands .
she was very thrilled to have the phone back .
i do not like the others i received .
what the world needs is an unlimited-time sim card .
i am glad that i made a good choice .
all it is is a glorified candy bar .
closes with a latch so air tight seal .
it feels like a newborn 's hair brush bristles .
i ordered a 32 ounce bottle of lotion .
the fourth button plays all the parts together .
they 're very well made out of heavy acrylic .
if you want a true convection oven look elsewhere .
yes , the electrolux dlx is much more expensive .
yes , all cables are properly and firmly connected .
i will get the ipad defender version soon .
and plums and other small stone fruit as well .
we are not all the same size and shape .
it is a very dusty and dirty process .
i have had my animal for 2 1/2 years .
bruce campbell as the in-game host is spectacular .
my face never felt clean while using this .
my daughter took it and is okay with it .
but then it stays put for a while .
my old cat could n't eat it very well .
now i want a set for out kitchen .
i got this booster and i set it up .
otherwise you can probably live nicely without it.jerry .
would recomend it and would buy as a gift .
the changes are n't vast but they are significant .
a thousand versions of mp3 and ipod type players .
rugs are much cleaner and look like new .
bought these for my tennis ball loving golden retriever .
then the wipes box will not stay closed .
see one yourself before you buy any other .
the price is reasonable for what you 're getting .
those scoops are really only good for mashed potatoes .
i did like that it was a dark black .
they are the worst product i have ever used .
it did not help with insomnia at all .
i like the color coded measurements on the handle .
by far the best i have had yet ! .
they are also great for freezing leftovers in .
be careful with products that contain this artificial product .
i also use it for softening up fondant .
normally , i love things from oxo good grips .
it has always meant quality in my book .
the new wusthof edge technology really is sharper .
my refund was issued very promptly as well .
when i was transitioning my hair loved protein .
i think there are better walkers out there .
these replacement parts are the same as the original .
i picked this up for my nephews phone .
this miso noodle soup however , is pretty nasty .
the clean pot makes the best tasting coffee .
this did not work for me at all .
blends and mixes faster than the food processor .
i have purchased these for my entire family .
canned over 700 jars of food first season used .
and both were dirt cheap compared to regular prices .
the picture is not accurate as others have stated .
then i ran into big green prepara press .
then there is the ring you fight in .
they keep your knees clean and airate the ground .
needless to say , i regret that i did .
great tasting coffee at just the right temperature .
it falls when i put my phone long ways .
perhaps you would like one for your friend .
these must by 18/10 because they are very nice .
returned for a pair of brown gradient lenses .
i own two of these , bought them together .
it 's razor sharp and a work of art .
very nice product but not good for me .
even with the cheap coffee it was great .
the soup spoon should have been designed much bigger .
i have used it twice and it works perfectly .
just slightly cheapish in the plastic quality and construction .
on mine the colors are all washed out .
this makes for a light and crisp waffle .
the metallic description is what i bought this for .
at least that was the description on amazon .
these are very nice glasses with a quality style .
i wash my hair every 4 to 6 days .
it takes a strong wind before it 's noticable .
bought this for the wife and she loves it .
those sound very good and comfortable while running .
i have to agree with all the negative comments .
this one you can program two phone to it .
ours also has a tiny crack after two years .
it has all the necessary clips for attachment .
well i am still hooked on four star .
i even bought one for each of my daughters .
the first one broke when it fell just once .
other times it just does not reduce the volume .
they are less sweet than the honey only ones .
sound quality was much better than i expected .
compact and low profile perfect for my audi .
there is little to dislike about this device .
this is like most other insulated baking sheets .
the fix worked but it should have lasted longer .
these are so simple and easy to use .
the first one you throw is always awesome .
it 's not as emmersive as halo ever was .
came pretty quick , looks and works as advertised .
some of the scenery was done very well .
zojirushi really knows how to make a rice-cooker.be ware .
look for the 4 inch utility knife first .
peter pan creamy has a texture like room-temperature margarine .
topeak make some of my favorite bike accessories .
i used to use the ones from petsmart .
not this time.i 'm editing my review from before .
this is why i had to deduct a star .
certainly helps with not freaking the dogs out .
the blue holographic light is kind of cool to .
ca n't really ask for much more than that .
i was disappointed because i expected better from motorola .
i use it about 8 times a day .
i used this packet in unsweetened iced tea .
exactly like the ones i bought 10 years ago .
overall i was highly dissapointed with the game .
finally it now gets hot and stays hot .
i would not recommend them for a jeep vehicle .
it did n't provide the result that were expected .
i was able to screw it back in .
there was almost immediate relief and the stinging dissipated .
i 've owned two escort solo 2 radar detectors .
no obstructions in your line of sight.installation is easy .
both can be used at the same time .
the other is this one , the 565.04 model .
i love the shiny red handle on mine .
i like the mask that came with it though .
my old 1980s bought model still works well .
it 's just a great thing to have around .
you actually do so little for a great response .
i currently own the new trent itorch imp52d .
read the instructions carefully when you get your pan .
this filter is a sorry replacement for the original .
great product , hope they keep their price point .
unbelieveably easy to clean & convenient to use .
the wife and i got married in 1953 .
it is almost exactly like tinting your own windows .
i dont even need a screen saver with these .
havent heard any complaints from my mom about it .
on a cooling rack on top of the pan .
i have used this coffee maker for several months .
the lcd screen protector it 's kind of crap .
fit is ok but quality is below average .
great invention , but it is a bit bulky .
and it actually keeps the phone pretty safe .
the driver they have was n't an exe file .
background noise is an issue for the caller though .
i would never feed this to my dog again .
it cleans easily and cooks everything to perfection .
my memorex mp3 player ran me 45 dollars .
most of the reveiwers have not even played it .
it makes dessert really special when the kids help .
my wife does a good job slicing by hand .
i think that i 'll stick with the toothpaste .
it works.it does not work well in europe .
it tastes like it has pickle relish in it .
this is a very good quality micro plane .
this product does not live up to its name .
i was shocked at how lightweight the truck is .
when it is good it is beyond 5 stars .
i did n't really notice any toning or firming .
the shirt clings and feels clammy when exercising hard .
i am going back to my older plantronics headset .
this machine experiences bursts of activity every few months .
no mess on the counter or pantry shelf .
the pitcher also works great for mixing powdered milk .
this was going to be me last try .
but , i wish i had purchased something else .
no more plucking lids out of hot water ! .
great case and i beat it up pretty good .
i should have heeded the warnings from other reviews .
i spent way too much extra time cleaning it .
he refuses to do tricks for this treat .
the small details can make a huge difference .
data transfers and usb charging function as expected .
there is no vitamin a in this salmon either .
if you plan to solo good-luck past tier 3 .
this was actually my favorite from the box .
i do n't think i will order this again .
and just rinse/wipe it out most of the time .
the keyboard jumps around when you push buttons .
i like to serve sorbet in martini glasses .
i changed bait for 3 more weeks , nothing .
my palm tungsten-e is about 1.5 years old .
fast shipping and the correct size for my mixer .
i did need to return this product once .
this pan is built like an absolute tank .
just baked three dozen cookies using a silpat .
i bought a few of these for our shower .
my wine stays nice and ready in the frig .
i prefer strategy games like starcraft and warcraft .
you lose the ability to scroll up or down .
i think this is a total fake wen conditioner .
i returned it & quit using the stockings .
very useful product and will be used a lot .
i could n't wait to throw this thing away .
this is my second calphalon one nonstick griddle .
their expensive ink cartridges was another huge turn off .
it tastes like starburst candy with the same texture .
they are probably the best you can buy .
alarm sound is too quiet for many kitchens .
this is a flavored syrup not a raspberry syrup .
great buy for those lcd screen on the phones .
i purchased this because of the good reviews .
this product is a real fail for me .
i sure expected better from the previous reviews .
i like the feel of the canister and lid .
these spoons are of decent construction and work fine .
the package contains the cup and two tapes .
especially after reading all the hype about it .
from the home screen , press the menu key.2 .
this is awesome - so convenient and handy .
these are very nice glasses with a quality style .
they make great mini sandwiches for my kids lunches .
i also use it before wetjetting my kitchen .
i bought this with wilson 's power boost cradle .
for the price there are much better perfumes .
these are okay but not what i expected .
rinse thoroughly and it will stay looking new .
first let me say i travel a lot .
i like it for pork and chicken cutlets .
this happened within the first couple of hours .
it simply , easily and quickly completes the job .
not too bulky for a flight suit upper pocket .
it does has service with i do this .
i did not like this game at all .
i checked several websites for air cleaner reviews .
i have 4 boys and they all love waffles .
the heater totally detaches and the unit is washable .
read the other reviews for more technical assessments .
i just wo n't take her shopping next time .
coats evenly allowing just enough oil to be used .
they 're really meant for a one time use .
not sure why this did not work for me .
i sometimes reload the checkpoint and it is resolved .
very pleased with the oxo good grips wooden spoons .
then i thought maybe i had a bad bottle .
this so definitely is no longer a trustworthy product .
i add herbs and get great tasty spreads .
this is why i purchased this bowl from amazon .
only problem is its not protective at all .
this has a great price for what you get .
it also seemed to rub in the armpit area .
this small pan has a hefty weight to it .
it just sits in a box in a closet .
i think that this whisk will last forever .
i have not seen it 's equivalent anywhere else .
these jeans were always too big and falling down .
you just ca n't beat it with a stick .
a nice short ring at an audible level .
this is basically just a thick clear polish .
this product is n't sweet like sugar at all .
so mine is just sitting there right now .
the kitchen aide was a replacement to this machine .
this game could have been so much more .
boy what a waste of time and money .
i use them whenever i bbq or grill .
and have been more than happy with it .
a good buy for a replacement or backup .
these have changed quite a bit as well .
nice color with pattern when it gets wet .
i have a baby just beginning to crawl .
it feels like it 's made out of canvas .
it stained my hands.the glass itself looks ok .
it looks awesome , it just plays like crap .
unless you have strong gums and a healthy mouth .
and very frustrated that it was n't a liquid .
they are very useful and they have a cap .
i consider this to be a compliment to capcom .
again , an hour later came another murder scene .
it burned and made my eyes red and runny .
the grind is semi-fine , perfect for the aeropress .
but anyway , even i can use this thing .
i have two labs a male and a female .
i do not think that anyone should use this .
i read and researched a lot before buying this .
i just bought a 9.5 cubic ft chest freezer .
so my dissatisfaction should be taken in that context .
i do not regret my purchase one bit ! .
there will be lots of pulp coming through .
i await the release of this title every year .
there is nothing better than press coffee imho .
seriously , not even a nick that i noticed .
the company stands behind the product ; no hassle .
this is the second uncle mike 's i bought .
these are cheap and do their job so well .
it is a nice powerful little kitchen gadget ! .
everything works and the esn was clear to activate .
the second generation drone looks to be pretty promising .
i purchased this item due to the good reviews .
he shipped a replacement mug to me within days .
i needed a bigger and reliable portable charger .
i bought this router and the d-link card .
i am likely the recipient of a lemon .
this bag is essential for your delicate clothing items .
you ca n't skip or fast-forward the dialog scenes .
this electric grill was very easy to assemble .
scrapes and pulls far more than it cuts .
ordered this case for a white verizon iphone 4s .
we dontated this toy not long after buying it .
thank you however , for this crappy tasting snack .
let me first start off with the sizing .
i have a 2.5 yo who loves to paint .
of course i got the girly purple color .
im just glad i got to him in time .
here is a game by jocks , for jocks .
well made and grates ptarmigan like a champ .
been using bore snakes ever since they were invented .
this is a big scam in my opinion .
i also usea pot holder over the mitt .
the fold easily for storage in the cabinets .
the fridge section has glass shelves and plastic bins .
i can only say great things about it .
these are really great cutters in so many sizes .
the metal slider itself started to come apart .
you have to try it to believe it .
the child needs to push it by hand .
i do use it for other thing beside rice .
definitely not to be confused with a trash bag .
her toys are by a company called crazy critters .
it is easy to use and clean up .
the grafiks was way better then my super nintendo .
the other reviewrs mentioned problems with the hammer .
i use this one several times a week .
hand wash this only and dry it right off .
so i purchased one asap.this is unstable and unsafe .
but the headphones suffer from two massive flaws .
despite that , it is still a good purchase .
i 'm thrilled they made one with removable grills .
exactly like the ones you find in the store .
i thought it was the greatest thing ever .
each page mentions the color twice and an animal .
replaced this item with ngk brand , oem manufacturer .
only one of which was a light hike .
it does slice and dice with some caveats .
bought to save money but used twice the amount .
the same is true of most of these games .
it does not look like the picture either .
received this today and assembled in ~10 minutes .
i use it almost exclusively for making chili .
easy to use and made my cake a success .
graphics are very marginal for powerful xbox 's capabilities .
they also stuck to a fair amount of cakes .
very easy to put on and take off .
at times i could not make this connector work .
i really liked the idea but hated the product .
it was really bulky to bring to the gym .
this works best of all the bacon microwave alternatives .
none of the problems i 've seen other describe .
leave a little room for air in the top .
i could not even give the tea away .
this was just what i was looking for .
i wished it would have been a smoother movement .
it could have just been the stiff silicon .
this product does everything that it says it will .
i swear it comes with its own dust .
i also liked the big daddy character mulling around .
it was still very thick with this particular culture .
but the quality of the pot is wonderful .
makes cutting up these greens simple and time saving .
they 've been eating it for about a year .
i felt like i was using a toy .
it was no way that i could repair this .
capcom extremely went hard at work for their sequel .
i washed it and put it to use immediately .
i always order avia but these were very small .
this does work but wears off very quickly .
my yard is overrun with snails and slugs .
they are back to their old clean slice .
this pan must be made for ceramic top stoves .
not a good fit for the new iphone 4s .
i have had mine for about a month .
not cheap , forgot how big a 3 oz .
this one will last you at least 18 months .
you can make soup in fifteen munutes flat .
i love that it has a permanent filter .
what people will do when they are desperate .
would recommend to anyone looking for a canister vacuum .
linksys appears to be riding on their reputation .
this thing will grind up an entire cow .
this is a very good , solid iphone case .
i can recommend several other well made oven mitts .
this trainer was a complete failure for us .
a nice heavy little cheeseslicer , but cheaply made .
i have recommended it to some of my family .
i thought this would be a good 2nd option .
the shape-matching type puzzles are okay but nothing special .
takes up a lot of space for nothing .
regardless , i think this mixer is really quiet .
then you have to start at the begining again .
he bought it locally at a discount store .
you get all the coffee goodness in your cup .
comes apart easily into a few parts to wash .
i ca n't believe philips puts this product out .
yes , the power/lock button is annoying at first .
the other 10 % see this as a virus .
some women collect dolls others go nuts over diamonds .
i wished amazon still had them at 14.99 .
im always showing people how worth it it is .
the filter is well-constructed and does the job .
i have been buying and grinding beans for years .
hdr120 sound *** comfort *** portability n/a range ****2 .
maybe not the best for people with arthritis .
we have really used them quite a lot .
i will be returning it for something softer .
i am a lover of all things lemon .
it slides around on theairline tray too easily .
it was easy to setup and get going .
product works well in my wife 's lg phone .
the screen protectors are tough and perfectly formed .
i then stored it next to my sofa .
in terms of multiplayer , so much wasted potential .
and i was unable to secure that plate .
the drm is the least of the problem .
i am not pleased with your advertising practice .
the ball seems to get stuck at the joints .
we used our old toaster oven primarily for toasting .
have only had it a couple of mounts .
often they are necessary for ported console games .
the case comes with a usb charging cable .
she dropped it and ended up hurting her toes .
i used one bottle of this with little result .
a recent post on lifehacker sums them up best .
there are rubber covers over the other attachment points .
get this it will be a good one .
bottom line - very happy with the purchase .
very well made and a great little size .
go ahead get one you will not regret it .
love the colors and the rubber feel of it .
i chalked it up to stress and switching foods .
with proper care it should last a long time .
i will never buy anything from this company again .
great price for a virtual lifetime of use .
it has no resistance to bite at all .
basically it 's a lot of trial and error .
the greater mass has improved browning and stir-frying .
was isappointed , it s a cute little bag .
i never have to worry about the handle .
i originally bought one of these for our household .
the least likeable item was the salmon spread .
the case looks good and fits pretty well .
deep green , relatively uncut batch number is 1642247 .
my cat is not too enticed about this toy .
this is just regular soap with a mediated smell .
it did a great job of flaking tuna .
it 's the sharpest mist comfortable knife i own .
it worked upon receipt but needed some charging .
haveing restaurant style knifes she bought from sams club .
i now time my cooking correctly - yay ! .
the only thing i adjusted was the earpiece .
i like them and hey are a good quality .
it is also hard to clean and cheaply made .
my husband is usually rough on socks though .
our grocery store often has bogo specials for meat .
sounds healthy and it is to an extent .
well , it is a 30+ years old recording .
i tried three of them , on three machines .
so i whipped up some pancakes , breakfast-for-dinner style .
these work great in a standard size muffin tin .
but you have to be careful of the seller .
it is my favorite fan ever , in fact .
it is a very simple design but it works .
i ended up using the medium size set .
aside from its problems it 's perfect for toddlers .
i did n't care for the popchips at all .
great little device if u r on the go .
make a special time to install your protector .
it simply did n't grind the coffee at all .
a great , fast little percolator for the money .
carafe kept coffee hot for 6 to 8 hours .
i will be throwing them all in the garbage .
i have complained but heard nothing about it .
it matched perfectly with my set of pans .
too bad it was shipped from hong kong .
we are very pleased with our crock pot .
i especially like the stainless handle giving it durability .
this imho is not intuitive or easy to use .
the sound quality was not the best either .
i think i 'm going to try wella toner .
all factory functions are able to be accessed easily .
interior clean up easy after initial oil coating .
my only regret is that there is no filter .
it also would not fit a deep platter .
everyone seems to appreciate the variety these afford .
it 's much lighter than the picture shows though .
it barely did anything to make them more clear .
no clanging when i lay the items down .
the glass broke at the neck of the bottle .
we are going to buy more stuff from oxo .
perfect for speaker phone or using for gps .
it just let go , with no seeming cause .
this was my second purchase of this headset .
they roll easily and hold the shower curtain evenly .
it spreads on chalky and dry and feels terrible .
however , the band was exceptional in fine leather .
they are thicker and more durable than i anticipated .
just the feel of the game being unfinshed .
the gradients are very precise whether up-rite or tilted .
now i eat food without any smell of plastics .
if you drop your phone it 's a goner .
this camera appears to meet my need for quality .
battery is used to replace an old samsung battery .
she told me that i could pray for help .
i found it useless and a waste of money .
love the color but the sound quality is poor .
i tried stopping and restarting to make sure .
i decided to blindly purchase this earlier anthalogy .
this item did not fit easily on the ear .
i am currently using it to cook oatmeal .
simple sturdy product that does what its supposed to .
i returned it to amazon for a refund .
then i would place the lid on top .
i like the design idea of this item .
i have never run out of talk time .
there are several pricier brands , such as all-clad .
i am male and wear size 11 shoes .
i have n't tried it on my toes yet .
if you heat them first no stick to them .
really helps to keep them in place while traveling .
this jar was recommended as superior for making sauerkraut .
my wife now uses it and loves it .
the glass is fairly thick , and quite sturdy .
i would rate these 6 stars if i could .
luckily we were able to ship it back .
the waves are more like 80 's hairstyle kinks .
this is my 3rd oj juicer in 21 yrs .
i would recommend looking elsewhere for screen protectors .
i returned it for the next larger size .
i guess i got one of the bad ones .
mine lasted about 3 weeks of weekend use .
save you money and get the actual toobeez set .
low sodium kikkoman soy sauce has 575mg per serving .
a classic for those who appreciate a good coffee .
i did not like this case at all .
the quality of materials is very low and uncomfortable .
urinary track blockage is very costly to treat .
put me down as a very satisfied customer .
this drink went down the sink after 1 sip .
on my nexus s i would say 1.5x .
got to have these for the popper to work .
it is illegal to buy or sell these .
i was wrong.the first problem is the price .
it means his needs of charger his phone .
would recommend this buy to anyone with this phone .
unfortunately , that was not the case at all .
the pasta is adequately al dente after microwaving .
however , that is normal and to be expected .
top-line bulge at the mouth of the shoe .
you should not have quality knives in your home .
there is no way to turn the light off .
the textures do get pretty bland and unimaginative though .
i would highly recommend this case to your customers .
but now , they changed over to third person .
not quite as good as i remembered playing it .
makes great coffee , no grounds in my cup .
i prefer using micro fiber cloth than that .
it is very messy and hard to use4 .
the remote w/ microphone is simple to use .
you are better off buying a cheap polish .
i did not like this product at all .
it clumps into a mass and scoops out easily .
luckily for me this is actually quite easy .
i started having trouble with my stock battery .
not much use if they do n't like it .
that makes it a good buy for me .
the box of stones fits in a drawer.2 .
it is thoughtfully designed and made of quality materials .
i assumed that i would receive new slippers .
i agree with the review about the strange taste .
on paper , this should have been significantly better .
cuisinart is still the top name in food processors .
did n't seem to make any difference at all .
hosa makes some other products that have good value .
i ordered other 2 phones along with this .
so this brand is not consistent in quality .
juicing is simple and cleanup is very easy .
i pretty much feel like replacing this thing now .
i even have an otterbox for my ipad .
it 's been reliable and accurate in all instances .
they love them and think it is great .
so he got me this as a replacement .
nordic ware however is made in the usa .
grab one with confidence if you need it ! .
everything has to be figured out by yourself .
i did not notice any gains so to speak .
in that case , just plug in the phone .
but over time i think it will loosen .
then we 'll move on to the course designs .
i like that long battery endurance a lot .
there is nothing good to say about this cable .
the display of pictures is less than optimal .
again it is a gift for a friend .
my dog really does n't like it to much .
i just wish it came with a good sheath .
this product was perfect for what i needed .
this did the trick , and did it cheaply .
i will wait and order what i want later .
it freezes for many minutes with no response whatsoever .
this unit makes my droid 2 easier to use .
i wish they could have make 1-1/2 qt .
the baked cake is approximately 5-1/2 inches by 2-1/4 .
this product is not firm enough for me .
highly recommend the product and the service from provider .
i actually saw a net loss in milk production .
and you have to digest all the capsules .
the included adapter only works as a charger .
enough room to steam enough milk for two cappuccinos .
it takes less than 20 seconds to wash .
but the one to day give me better benifits .
it had no dramatic effect on my skin .
power on / off button worked only intermittently .
it was hard to believe it was that dangerous .
i might just have received a defective part .
poor design i guess.so here is the deal .
disappointed and i see why revlon discontinued this .
i would question the quality of this product .
there are solid and look to be well constructed .
this food is at least in small flakes .
the back of the bra slides up continuously .
got this for a gift for my gf .
the worst is that this thing is loud .
and good to have something for the road .
this is a device you either love or hate .
this is way better than the other holders .
it finally pooped out on me in 2001 .
the blemishes/dark areas were visible from across the room .
these are cheap and i suggest avoiding them .
i loved chef boyardee mini ravioli as a child .
into the trash with the pu porky slices ! .
worked for 3 days until the pressure switch broke .
too watery and the taste was n't that fantastic .
reminds me of super metroid in that respect .
i read the reviews carefully before buying this knife .
it is sturdy and truly a non-stick pan .
i 've also tried castor oil/jojoba oil scalp treatments .
no where does the seem to get proper reception .
i believe it it made for the desire only .
that would not make it a deal breaker .
thus far i have used it for 6 hours .
so i know they can do a perfect job .
nothing is learned about the art of cooking .
there is no smell and i sleep without worries .
i have tried several shampoos/conditioners and just the oil .
the iphone 5 does not fit all that great .
unfortunately the combination of the flavors is just okay .
then forget how to play the next day .
they were handled gently and washed by hand .
case is very cute and fits my phone nicely .
for me eyebrow threading works better than this .
there is really no truffle flavor at all .
i love the blue light in the charger .
perhaps with a dishwasher it is more difficult .
i liked it for its looks at first sight .
it makes it easier to grip the bowl .
so it sits in the pod , not charging .
this toy is cute and that is about it .
i wish that there was more control over that .
the detergent levels are higher in good shampoo .
the flower box is attractive and pretty well built .
purchased this to replace an ancient krups slicer .
hope the 2 cents helps ! happy amazon shopping .
unfortunately , you cant just update the firmware yourself .
the beater bar started to rattle a bit .
it is so happy to look at and use .
the automatic camera controls are by far the worst .
i wish i had filmed it for the reviews .
so i looked up a solution and found this .
i really like the idea of a breakfast cookie .
after a months , i just threw it out .
one cracked open and the other had huge imperfections .
the case acts as a case protector as well .
she uses it while traveling , or at work .
i bought this cd recorder several years ago .
seller1on1 always beats the estimated delivery dategood purchase .
i like that it look just like a mirror .
do n't recommend unless you have a small head .
slow charge time is really the only drawback .
function meets form and works great ! highly recommended .
it charged my phone 3 times over all weekend .
good luck with your purchase and read the reviews .
this toy maybe lasted a few weeks for us .
and i was always worried about breaking it .
my mother loves her bluetooth and uses it daily .
the design is perfect and it functions well .
nope - every brand and style absolutely huge .
and still trojan horses would infect the server .
this cutter is handy having the two cutters .
you will not be disappointed with this purchase .
i owned one of these heaters couple years ago .
i bought this for chronic lower back pain .
will try again in a while and update .
there is no wobble even when unevenly loaded .
i just got the abc string toy today .
this machine is best for every night use .
would not recommend for dogs with separation anxiety .
there is a slight tingling and thats it .
but really , not a con at all.strongly recommended .
except there is a lag after you hit it .
other than that its a great product and recommended .
not a useful item - preferred using gloves .
i do not care about bargan or cheap .
highly recommend purchasing the orka silicone oven mitt .
this is very great and not bulky at all .
after a bit of searching i found waring .
i definitely would not recommend this to anyone .
the comfortable rubberized handle has a nice grip too .
it 's really not noticeable to the casual observer .
cutlery , cookware etc depending on my intended application .
hyperions lame backplate never seated properly into the phone .
the metzl pan seems rather thin to me .
this is however the best one i tested .
i figured they all had the same footprint .
i bought this to use on my brows .
the shipping was faster than noted by four days .
so i have the new elago s5 on order .
if it worked it would be a top seller .
all these are are super expensive baby wipes .
it is a great value for the price ! .
this the second package of these socks i received .
the good news is that the screen is beautiful .
i tried this product out as best i could .
i would like to try the other flavors though .
the third ingredient was partially hydrogenated coconut oil .
the quality is excellent - heavy and heated evenly .
first it would not sit properly on the face .
i wanted a pitcher with a white top .
clumsy camera dumb missions jeez i could go on .
my twelve pound cat would not fit into this .
i did quite a bit of background work .
but the quality of the plates is great .
i am a mechanic and still find it hard .
the picture quality is very good in outdoor situations .
her knives are slicing through things like butter .
there is no need to carry a mirror .
i will not be purchasing this item again .
i did better with some garnier stuff from walmart .
you have more time to explore the town .
it works great and i highly recommend this pan .
i prefer the wooden handles over the plastic ones .
i also like the texture of the case .
but i can answer calls without touching anything.cons1 .
linking my facebook account had the same effect .
it always left my hair very dry and hard .
on dreamcast or n64 if you have those systems .
also you ca n't beat virgins cell phone plan .
it almost looks like a brushed metal finish .
this charger was shipped in a very timely manner .
i screwed the other side on with no problem .
i 've been dealing with acne for several years .
i think these people made aqua dots too .
i say the bass is better that the hbs-730 .
i should have paid attention to the ingredients .
i finally threw it in the trash yesterday .
i 'm thoroughly pleased.still completely happy with this case .
i used it once then threw the rest away .
absolutely no sign of wear or heat damage .
initially it output 110v when set to 120 .
seller sold me an imitation chi flat iron .
over two years of taking it i was happy .
the audio was cutting in and out frequently .
so out this one came for a trial run .
at first was very unsure about this product .
i will never use a dull knife again .
i certainly am through being a supporter and customer .
i have been very happy with these clips ! .
grates large blocks of cheese and she loves it .
it was too big for my hand any way .
my in-laws had one , and i loved it .
the replacement belts work great and they are cheap .
this is a good price for the product .
they just ask you to reset the console .
went in without a hitch and works great .
got this as a gift for our son .
it will go out for a garage sale .
worth every penny..and money saved , thanks to amazon .
for the money this is a great stone .
i 've been using this for a while now .
just a bubble wrap envelope with four other cases .
ditto for while it was in my purse .
i estimated i had opened 300+ bottles with it .
sold it at our garage sale for $ 3 .
destroyed in five minutes by my 12 pound doxie .
the way the rod is offset works really nicely .
after a few uses it does n't look clean .
i just want to write my experience tonight .
no statement for materials used to make these items .
it holds both really well and is very durable .
by most standards the doll is quite ordinary .
my main gripe is the plastic percolater sight eye .
the lanyard attaches into the micro-usb charging port .
so you sharpen it again and it breaks .
they go together , and come apart with ease .
there are some significant gaps in the story .
the peel is whisked of the garlic in seconds .
my only complaint is the plastic ear loop .
all this power and convenience weighs a lot .
the seidio cases are hands down much nicer .
is your life worth that ? i hope so .
it did not work on my android pad .
i 'm new to the beyblade series of toys .
the worst thing is the watermark on the screen .
i never use it on the high setting .
had to get this one to protect my phone .
this was wrapped very well and delivered intact .
another major con is the hose is not durable .
scholl 's foot file easily removed with little effort .
this game does n't deserve anything above 2 stars .
thanks amazon for assisting in the free shipping .
i uninstalled it and got rid of it .
game would be fun if it were durable .
this royal jelly had no effect whatsoever on me .
not difficult to use and makes great coffee .
more appropriate for a child or a female .
it even makes a decent very small mixing bowl .
they would absolutely tear dress pants to pieces .
i trim the edges a bit before they cool .
two broke and they were returned to amazon .
i bought this 7 years ago , from amazon .
then bake 2-4 cookies while you prepare dinner .
i 'm just unhappy with the actual fulfillment people .
i was so happy to find this one .
it is very light and not very loud .
i have this case in a variety of colors .
i ended up giving it to my nephew .
these are hard and fairly tasteless in comparison .
glad i got the small package to try them .
all my previous smartphones have had similar issues .
only the two speeds but meets the challenge .
great quality and keeps its edge very well .
i 'm afraid i will not order any more .
these are probably best for a 20-30 pound dog .
the batteries and phone still work like new .
the price was low , and the quality matched .
we use this popcorn maker several times a month .
put them in the dehydrator and turn it on .
all three of my cats wo n't even touch .
my old ones were small and rusting and bent .
the biggest problem is my cat is avoiding it .
what was even better it got here very fast .
many years ago , i had a convection oven .
as per instructions , i tried heating it longer .
i wanted something smaller than my previous one .
find something else not worth it at all .
one large one handles the complete first floor .
something that could have stayed in the futer games .
the bass and mid-range and highs are perfectly toned .
what i received was an orangish soft wood .
amazon shipping was fast and cuispro quality is great .
i get compliments all the time on it .
it would not work with the usb 2.0 .
i was very disappointed to say the least .
i guess you get what you pay for .
it shows it is shipped but 0 very disappointed .
i love the physicians formula covertoxten 50 compact powder .
my girls both had no interest in this one .
i wanted products for follow up teaching at home .
it really can be used for almost anything .
call them for what you will not believe .
it is n't as compact as i was hoping .
it works perfect with my new belkin phone cover .
she prefers one that hooks securely around the ear .
so your phone is actually getting double protection .
they work perfectly with my hamilton beech coffeemaker .
i find the product a little bit greasy .
it seems the filter lasts only about 3 months .
i use this mainly to measure out peanut butter .
the rubberized feel is very comfortable and sleek .
i do n't really notice much difference wearing them .
not here.this game was also *way too easy* .
great product works great and get the job done .
i went ahead and ordered a different filter .
either buy the bigger unit or two of these .
my dog pulled it around and nothing came out .
i can not get this game to install .
this measuring cup is so easy to use .
inside is padded with non-abrasive material protecting the screen .
the real problem here is the incredibly strong scent .
indeed , that is what my cell phone advised .
it can be invisible to the naked eye .
hope the element in the bottom lasts a while .
also , the extracts are more pure and concentrated .
clearly this maker is suffering from inconsistent manufacturing .
the lime is strong and makes it very tart .
i did not think my carpet was that dirty .
if i can give this zero stars i would .
measuring lines are clear and easy to read .
easy to use and includes a great manual .
it provides easy access to all buttons and ports .
i phoned up motorola tech support and their rep .
dual processor and graphics accelerator for improved performance7 .
this router was 79.99 marked down to 39.99 .
but other wise it is a cute little case .
a few minor tweaks that are n't worth mentioning .
i do n't see how they can hold up .
bf2 is far too geared to tanks and planes .
the one i received was evidently a return .
this stuff is not true military grade paracord .
i purchased these pencils for a xmas stocking gift .
removing and reinstalling the battery did not help .
it should be firm and elastic , *not* sticky .
this stay hot enough to do it right .
this worked only when i removed the cutting board .
i 'm wondering if they may have been mismarked .
this the the best we had ever used .
i have cut my tongue several times using this .
we were always loosing ends over the years .
this bowl is a must for every kitchen .
what a wonderful product and at a competitive rate .
the caramels could have been a bit sweeter .
the after-taste has you rinsing with water afterwards .
again another addition to my daughter in laws collection .
a definite good buy and quality cast iron .
there are too many reviews like this one .
it also folds up to be much smaller .
i found this lipstain to be a great disappointment .
this purchase was a gift for our daughter .
i just made my first cake in this pan .
it smells like chemicals and not good at all .
at first my hair felt nice and stretched .
tried this for canker sores in my mouth .
this seems very sturdy and a great value .
i did not know that sea-salt requires ceramic grinders .
i had my hopes up about this sports bra .
these dishes are an essential part of my kitchen .
it looks exactly like the picture on this site .
i bought this from xump.com , an amazon seller .
i only wish i came in other colors ! .
i bought it and sadly had to return it .
it 's surprisingly lightweight and clean-up is so easy .
i think i might try a george foreman .
this electrolux dlx remains the workhorse of the kitchen .
it is still charging even with this little problem .
the bottom did clean up very easily , however .
it 's real cheap and does the job right .
we use it as a small serving platter .
partly due to the jumping physics of the game .
they wo n't stay put and will go down .
it is just a little too much for me .
i have a maltese and keep her fur short .
this is n't at all what i was expecting .
it does look well brazed and well fitted .
still , my hands do fit inside these handles .
they are very versatile with dry and wet ingredients .
these are terrific and perfectly suited to the shower .
but it fell apart after only 2 uses .
this coffee grinder is a steal for this price .
the pain is mild and bearable , but persistent .
conventional ovens generally only go up to 500-550 degrees .
this morning my pot of coffee never made it .
i bought two of these and love them .
the apartment has been maintained well just not updated .
so much healthier to add your own oil .
they were exactly what i was looking for .
canon should not sell this as fitting my camera .
would be equally useful for hanging ribbons etc .
trust me do n't waste your time or money .
the honeywell quietcaire air purifier works quite well .
highly recommended ! i love this ice cream maker .
the key is the height of the window .
the mocha flavor is weak to non-existent throughout .
this game is alright but it has many flaws .
i gave this as a gift to my cousin .
you must use lower heat with the fry pans .
the app is easy to use and very friendly .
i guess jawbone finally read the amazon reviews here .
the clear crystal cube earring is much better .
for an android phone , it should do more .
it left my hair kind of clumpy and sticky .
it can take a small amount of vegies .
this wo n't fit the xps gen 2 laptop .
this case does n't feel like silicone or rubber .
these brewing parts are a pain to clean .
they work very well at keeping the air clean .
i 'll update this review after the dust settles .
oxo steel 59891 lasagna turnersuperb quality , good feel .
the second time it hardly removed any hair .
bought this for our restaurant to make tartar sauce .
i didnt even get a run out of them .
a little bit pricy but a quality product .
eggs and pancakes stick to it 's grainy surface .
potentially write on the part -- this side up .
i will probably have to send this back .
they are gluten free and they travel well .
i would buy these again in a heartbeat .
the dogs enjoyed them with nothing left behind .
i use this mainly for red bell peppers .
the quality of the expresso is very good .
that makes no difference to me at all .
the first thing i did was read the instructions .
both are available on amazon and have glowing reviews .
i 've used 6 different styles of fondue pot .
people said i came through loud and clear .
these are the right filters for a chemex system .
the protective cover is aggravating to say the least .
i am wondering whether the device has any functionality .
buy a refill pack.also , pull down when removing .
what i use it for the most is oatmeal .
the masher is really effective at mashing eggs .
also , i feel the storyline is too confusing .
i can fit more clothing in my closet .
it falls off every time i drop the phone .
this one is a 'very fast read ' thermometer .
and got ta love that they are dishwasher safe .
worked perfectly and fast on my droid x .
this is a quality , heavy great hearth stone .
my personal go-to favorite is the red-handled one .
perfect measure for double batches as well as soups .
i usually hone my knives between every use .
had it on a marineland 400 in my refugium .
you can brown the meats in it before cooking .
why ? because this puzzle is not solid wood .
these are really hard to organize in one cabinet .
you get a micro-usb adapter to standard usb .
it comes with a screen protector as a bonus .
build quality seems good , especially for the price .
the mirror finish seems to make cleaning them easy .
but you have to be very diligent with it .
solved that problem by cutting them in halves .
then i connected my tablet at the same time .
theyare easy to keep track of in my purse .
the price was excellent and the service super .
much rather have a scratched case than phone .
i emailed tivoli and they recommended the am antenna .
on the top it says maxell in big letters .
these shirts are too tightly woven and heavy .
he 's chaffed like he had a diaper rash .
the weapons fire and voice acting are ok .
for the price i 'm happy with my purchase .
it processes quickly - 2 seconds for deviled eggs .
i had to beat it into my computer .
the price was low and these are cut precisely .
i never did manage to in the end .
the seasoning is good for first time use .
it spilled out as i was filling my unit .
it takes a lot , but it is possible .
so it 's kind of like a rag unfortunately .
i have been using the heck out of them .
washes easily under the faucet , air dries fine .
all in all , i highly recommend this product .
coffee stays hot and the carafe pours well .
i bought this because i needed a wireless headset .
the construction is heavy and seems well made .
this black battery door does n't have that issue .
slowly turn on the valve on the filter head .
he quickly becomes the main character 's father figure .
i also use it to make certain sauces .
great price and the shipping took 2 days .
this is very sturdy and seems of good quality .
never knew an unmanaged switch can malfunction unoperaterable .
it has every size you could possibly need .
this was a complete bust in our family ! .
use to charge my phone 2-3 times a day .
the fan is not very powerful at all .
it works good as a panini press too .
our unit works great in a 10'x12 ' room .
this bottle opener looks great and is heavy duty .
watch your dog well if you ignore this advice .
i have no problems recommending these to everyone .
the fm transmitter option is a bonus too .
a shame , it is otherwise a nice switch .
this model is without any real quality components .
this is described as ages 18 months and up .
it was just bitter and nasty and wrong .
not two minutes later , it fell off again .
so far the second battery seems to be working .
with this price , you can not go wrong .
i do n't like the smell of this perfume .
it beeps when the battery is fully charged .
they ice best when they are stillslightly warm .
with the case off , it just barely fits .
i use flex boards all the time now .
i tried it four times with no luck .
this is a forum to review the product .
we have used it at least 5 times already .
however , that may just be my own opinion .
not a lot , but there will be some .
i agree with what some others have said .
they are comfortable and i love the swivel seats .
both are big fans despite the difference in gender .
and i think these pads are more absorbent too .
just a friendly warning to all cdr/cdrw/dvdr/dvdrw drive owners .
i have had this for a while now .
this fan gives great performance for the price .
thankfully , that motorola droid has turned out ok .
finally figured out this thing just suddenly stopped working .
bought it to listen to mp3 files i have .
the way to go for zesting for sure .
i ended up buying another for a friend .
coffee cocomotion is the best of the bunch ! .
they were n't scared by the scent at all .
the charger is your standard micro usb charger .
i needed to get farther away from my monitor .
it 's not like i have anything against thps2x .
the performance for the price is pretty decent .
i bought this for my 4 y/o triplets .
i often get stomach aches from sugar alcohols .
just buy i , you will not regret it .
can i give it less than one star ? .
they were at about a one o'clock position .
i have purchased other brands and been disappointed .
so i was disappointed with these brown rice vermicelli .
and , here is the highlight of the episode .
the stainless steel head is amazingly heavy duty .
that worked great and the results are fast .
the answer/end button on the handset was not reliable .
i wish they offered a boning knife to match .
this was just a nightmare of a gaming experience .
i will never purchase a product by them again .
this size is perfect for many uses too .
we usually eat the cup version from kraft .
i understand this is endemic in many copies .
i have reordered because this is a great product .
this is my second saladshooter and i love it .
i bought this splitter less than five months ago .
mine has never been used and paint chipped off .
for the price it is a good deal .
now i have to figure out the line up .
the quality of the pants was good however .
too dangerous to be poking in anyone 's ear .
i have an oily t-zone and dry cheeks/jawline .
they should fix these things before releaesing the game .
but , this may be the thing for you .
forget about those suction crap holders they suck .
not good to leave plug in at all times .
when stacked or single they are very sturdy .
have had no problems since in taking it out .
i would not recommend to anyone to buy this .
its easy to clean and looks really nice .
it is too heavy and not easy to hold .
out of 4 arms , we have 1 left .
i bought this to replace my thirty-year-old model .
the screen cleans up really easily as well .
we have put it outside to air out .
pump 15 times and then spray for 15 seconds .
both of them failed within a few months .
as fast or faster than a wall charger .
it is a good quality i woul recomende it .
the antenna on the older one was absolute garbage .
i got this when we got a new tv .
i purchased this item about 6 months ago .
it also comes with some plastic gold pieces .
however , i decided to give it a try .
i have shot them at rocks and tree stumps .
spend a couple extra dollars and get something else .
the dark peacock was just a dark green .
long story short , the problem was this filter .
a lot of money for such a poor fit .
when i got this case , i loved it .
they make working with baking components so much easier .
they arrived in a matter of 3 business days .
they are also a bit short for an adult .
i have never had a swing-a-way opener to fail .
this stuff is bland and has very little spice .
i would love to have a great android phone .
save your money when it comes to this one .
every once in awhile you get a bad one .
multipoint technology to pair with more than one device .
i got this with christmas gifts in mind .
this crock pot looks good and works well .
i love this product and highly recommend it .
the white usb cords works better in my opinion .
it is a heavier gauge , like a sock .
try to get the sim from the actual carrier .
pc gamepads suck compared to the concole gamepads .
they look great and the speakers fit perfectly .
the first time i witnessed this i actually applauded .
we immediately stopped using the valterra jack stand .
it no longer shows anything else but the weight .
and saw just how sturdy they really are .
i have to continue to adjust the whole thing .
ear buds fit into my ears without a hitch .
i use diurex normally- works like a charm .
i got this to grind my himalayan sea salt .
the unit arrive overnight , as i paid for .
this is garbage , waste of time and money .
unfortunately , this formula did absolutely nothing for me .
i really appreciate the design of this percolator .
poor range and delayed reaction time was annoying .
after 3 weeks , i finally get the replacement .
this is not what i ordered or even close .
a child still has some expectationsfrom a toy .
super easy installation if you know this little trick .
this stone is well made ad works awesome .
i had to go out and buy a phone .
unfortunate that it was n't working out for me .
i 'll have to pass on any further purchases .
a sturdy and compact toothbrush that is reasonably priced .
i 've bought several of these over the years .
the battles are fought entirely on boring , menus .
the tool will suck out wax and water .
it makes my tiny phone huge and heavy .
just add your own seasoning and its basically edible .
large apples just need to be cut in half .
you can turn anything into long thin strips .
asheron 's call is a basic rpg played online .
we are extremely careful to use only plastic/rubber utensils .
i just got this headset from best buy .
the second 2g is actually a pretty good phone .
oxo tools are pretty all i buy now .
no problems if i gain or lose weight .
just drop it into an envelope he says .
they look great and feel comfortable in your hand .
you can not tell that it is jury rigged .
why it is being sold is beyond me .
it seem a little odd that was n't there .
what a joke ! the cu killed this game .
do not waste your money on this stuff .
i just use the belgian waffle mix by kruteaz .
i purchased them from peeled fruit , not amazon .
i did n't like how this game looked cartoony .
i bought these just to have on hand .
i did n't think i would need a skimmer .
the only drawback is the microphone picks up everything .
i may have simply gotten a defective one .
if your knife skills are limited , be careful .
the description could have been more plain for products .
i am constantly cleaning crumbs off my counter .
he did not end up using it very much .
could not get charging cover to stay closed .
one side is textured and the other flat .
i am giving serious thought to purchasing another one .
i will not be using this any longer .
i share it with my family and friends .
the film could be thinner to reduce this problem .
this ice cream making attachment is absolutely phenomenal .
there is no fun in this game at all .
that in itself is worth the few bucks .
bought this after reading all the positive reviews .
all the buttons and ports are still easily accessible .
the battery that my phone comes with is larger .
it is about the size of a hand trowel .
very solid feeling pot , as one would expect .
looks very nice if you have a white iphone .
easiest clean up ever and bake extremely evenly .
do n't be sucked in by the cuisinart name .
it became a lot of fun for me .
i have several of these and keep buying more .
still no reception so guess the rs120 is shot .
this coffee just did n't do it for me .
they also fit perfectly in a tennis ball chucker .
i thought that it ca n't be too different .
the pants offer more protection than this thing does .
i try to eat a small handful every day .
incredibly easy to use with no burned kernels .
uhura do it for years on star trek .
i purchased this pan after reading other reviews .
using this mount on a 2013 mazda 3 .
again , i would not recommend this toy guitar .
i have owned a butter bell for several years .
these came stock on my jackson kelly kexmg .
bought after reading reviews and seeing on tv .
this takes away that need.the crumb catcher works .
i will never use a hand mixer again .
i read on here it smelled like roses .
this is the case she likes the best .
again , i really wanted to love the omega .
think i gave it away a long time ago .
this is exactly what i was looking for .
consider this my formal recantation of my ff12 review .
nice to get away from plastic and into stainless .
these look just fine if they 're installed correctly .
my mistake and wo n't be purchasing sandisk anymore .
when the same e-mail is displayed in both devices .
i have a divine collection of very good cutlery .
the case is thinner than appears in the picture .
they are awesome and boy do they stay .
the reel casts just fine , but no drag .
i only wish i had bought this one first .
i like the sleek look of these versatile glasses .
nice that they collapse and are easily stored .
they stated that i requested a later delivery date .
i had one of these and it broke .
good basic smart phone for a great price .
it provides a clear & crisp sound for calls .
i was irritated immediately when i found this out .
makes great drip coffee and looks great too .
i bought this from empire accessory in tampa .
the orange is bright and the color is consistent .
i have received many compliments on this faceplate .
i also noticed that it made a huge mess .
i bought this for my 4 year old son .
maps are 3 times bigger than the old diablo .
i want to send this one back to china .
my mytouch 4g fits in the circular opening perfectly .
i figured the batteries might be getting low .
the tone adjustments do not really do much .
its like a regular skin nothing special about it .
wish they had it for the iphone 5c .
i am very happy with these knife protectors .
once charged it stays charged for a long time .
and guess what ? it still played like crap .
definitely had no positive effect on my workouts .
beautifully crafted , well-made set that exceeded my expectations .
the plastic parts melted and burst into blue flames .
no real endgame or set purpose in leveling .
also come in a nice little pouch for storage .
i am very pleased with this iphone case .
that 's so much better than red or blue .
best you ever could make ! absolute kitchen requirement .
i just wish the ends were not as bulky .
and within about 1 minute your photo is printed .
a similar test was conducted using road noise .
merchandise came quickly and delivered exactly as promised .
it bakes evenly and makes nice , crisp edges .
everything else about the phone case is amazing though .
the touch screen portion still functions as usual .
i wish i could give it zero stars .
when i run , i just attach the armband .
i reviewed this product under the 4.5 ounce refill .
which has n't been updated since november 2007.bill gates .
i bought one of these for thanksgiving gravy .
unfortunately , though it was rated for 1,000 sq .
it also takes pictures which just delighted ole dad .
its been on my iphone since i got it .
we decided to try this irish cream flavored coffee .
these seem even more rough on the surface .
this set of pans is a great value .
i wish i had gone with the scale .
prices of nicd cells plummeted as a result .
i returned the first one for a replacement .
i bought the bissell proheat about 1 year ago .
very user friendly and useful , with decent sound .
just poke it with a fork or butter knife .
well 2 out of the 3 are possessed .
perfect for the desk to place your iphone .
my phone finally works as intended , great product .
i told them it still does n't work properly .
these are skin tight on my thighs and seat .
also , the sauce did not stain at all .
i e-mailed amazon but never received a response .
i use a kitchen towel to accomplish this .
he then tried to eat all the strands .
now it is broke and does not work .
this takes all of it and looks great too .
i just made good use of the amazon promotion .
this one received some of the highest ratings .
finally i found a turner that does the job .
i have used them with my phone also .
sooooo much better than my old plastic one .
does n't come with the red flip up release .
i love this stainless steel lid and spoon rest .
i do not find the crumb tray a problem .
it is very sturdy and even seems elegant .
so there 's really no challenge to it anymore .
purchased these shoes at the end of september .
i ordered this , hearing great things about it .
i do like the included wrist band , however .
there are two reasons the champ gets hotter:1 .
this is a correction to my previous review .
if you bake , you need these ! .
the level design is also very retro and original .
it works fine for me and no problem .
it does not stay on , falls right off .
as a plus it does include the power supply .
this turns out to be a pretty nice case .
automatically turns off when it reaches a boil .
i can make thin or thick cuts with ease .
a bit of patience and persistence will pay off .
clean-up is a breeze with a properly seasoned pan .
that would be close but a tad exaggerated .
i definitely will not purchase another one though .
it 's that quick and easy to set up .
this little gizmo has totally solved that problem .
works great on slower speeds and local roads .
the overall quality of this oven is not good .
this polish was too dark for my taste .
i have the claw scars to prove it .
looking for twine for summer bbq roasting and grilling .
i think this was my favorite gift this christmas .
you ca n't beat this cleaner for the price .
just the right size for whipping up some eggs .
great product overall an gets the job done .
nobody on apple 's discussion site have had success .
you could probably run it on 64 mb .
check out the consumer wellness research center website , .
just remember loose tea expands when it gets wet .
the shaker is retro-modern in design and nicely executed .
i have followed your instructions and still nothing .
marinades will lend a steamed quality to the beef .
the dock i got was for an iphone .
it has helped my dry nasal passages a lot .
do make sure you wash thoroughly in between uses .
i recently purchased the bunn 13300.001 vp17 coffee brewer .
i tried it for three nights and nothing .
that latter fact really makes this unit completely unacceptable .
i bought this bag due to the high ratings .
i used it as a small mixing bowl .
actually i found the oil sprayer made of glass .
much thinner and more plastic looking than the photo .
the corner pockets are deep for my larger mattress .
a great buy this time and less frustration .
they went to the other one.we switched locations .
reinstalled the old d-link 10/100 and it works fine .
it feels like i 'm always filling the pitcher .
i highly recommend this for the serious wok cook .
loved it gave to granddaughter for her first appartment .
my stock battery was not holding a charge anymore .
i will use these for a very long time .
same as the mx700 but now with bluetooth .
at least that is what the packaging claims .
whisk works well for all types of cooking .
this little gadget had a lot of good reviews .
i expected a little more from this pillow .
it 's a very substantial quilted kind of construction .
good price -these can be hard to find .
i did n't even try to give it away .
what can i say about a fry pan screen .
so effortless , easy to clean and set up .
this product smells horrible and it 's just oil .
it makes using a touchscreen so much easier .
they have played with them about 5 mins .
it was soooo comfortable for the first two hours .
no complaints , especially for such a great price .
others have stated noisy playback from the machine itself .
the fit is too loose in some non-bodum brands .
then along came this zester which i use constantly .
if only there was a zero rating option .
also youcsn not beat the great price here .
you think i would learn this by now .
works really well and does its job well .
the lock makes the tongs easy to usec .
i do n't really feel like this is working .
older laptops will take this not new ones .
not worth the money buy a different case .
the press-bar is wide and easy to use .
i picked this up at the start of summer .
i would buy a larger size next time .
i am female and have rather thin hands .
does n't seem to help much with pain either .
the blue light looks nice in the dark .
i literally have like all of their kitchen tools .
this has become my most used small appliance .
this case is nice and slim and is cheap .
i paid $ 11.44 for a bottle of this .
sometimes mom-and-pops are actually preferable to mail order .
and it could be a nice travel clock .
perfect fit for my iphone5 in its uag case .
i purchased to of these a year ago .
please do n't trust others only oem planet dealer .
the case protects the back of your dx .
will be buying if any more are needed .
i use this car charger all the time .
jed would only eat one out of jealousy .
it goes great with my jorts and plaid shirts .
this product is well made and works well .
this toy is unlike the other learning resources toy .
you 'd be much better off with anything else .
of these three the wusthof is my least favorite .
my corgi tore this apart in about 20 minutes .
it just will not swivel far enough away .
after all , i got it for the image .
it is very sturdy and easy to clean .
broke almost as soon as i purchased it .
the first one was lost in a kitchen fire .
got it here for a little over $ 10.00 .
everything is in 3d and makes it look great .
foreign chemicals are not something i want to eat .
bullets going through walls or through your enemies .
this was easy to pair with my htc evo .
corelli makes wonderful unbreakable dishes that hold up .
i am not going without one ever again .
it will be even more difficult on uneven surfaces .
$ 5 for 2 lr44 batteries is very overpriced .
it hurt if i pushed it in deeper .
i have been using this card for several years .
save your money and buy a new irrigator .
oh and the ear piece is very cushioned .
it is heavy duty and extremely well made .
this was the biggest waste of money ever .
regular size limes and lemons - no problem.recommended ! .
this is an awesome product ! very good quality .
bsa scope arrived scratched and seemed heavily used .
it has a soft leather case with sturdy stitching .
i have been surprised and dissappointed in this battery .
i am going to continue my search starting now .
slim design fits in top rack of dishwasher .
easily handles 12 ounces of beer plus foam .
make your life easier and buy this thing .
he insisted he could eat anything and enjoy it .
i got frozen peas right pretty quick , though .
just use common sense depending on the weather .
returned the product to amazon and got a replacement .
the best part of this is the thermostat gauge .
might be best to try one box first .
i ordered this to go with my panasonic microwave .
work better that this like 100x time.sorry midland co .
i am so pleased with this lid rack .
when i took them off i felt much better .
for other things , it does a good job .
i have backed off and stopped using it .
you might like them -- food preferences are subjective .
i gave these two stars due to the screws .
it has been a great addition to my collection .
gta 3 is so much better than this .
i have this on my htc one silver .
if you wear x-large i 'd suggest getting medium .
i have to wiggle and hold to get signal .
they really need to work on sizing though .
it basically does what its supposed to do .
i really liked the way they looked on .
i am having so much fun making julienne veggies .
i am already getting better with the touch screen .
this looks nicer than i thought it would .
development took a long time and had many hands .
the yohimbe extract is a different beast altogether .
not sure what is going on with this one .
i give it a 4 out of 10 .
doesnt cover front screen which makes case worthless .
i know its just a thermos , but wow .
oh , this makes my life so much easier .
not even the feral cats will eat it .
the instructions were too difficult to understand and play .
they are nice and doing the job as intended .
bar keepers friend keeps it nice and new looking .
purchase an like item and was sent a subsitute .
this cutting board works great over the sink .
gives a finishing touch and much needed storage space .
i 've had it myself for almost 45 years .
very nice little holder for bluetooth earpiece and/or headphones .
functionally , as good as any other blackberry holster .
this item simply costs too much for its quality .
it does work great with schrader valves though .
the cow only met with slightly better success .
the construction seemed good , but way too small .
the concept does nor work in real life .
worked fine with koolatron cooler in hotel room .
i have used this pan 8 times now .
hugely disappointed with the failure of this instrument .
they repeated the same offensive tactic from cod .
too bad it 's not very well-designed or constructed .
i was excited to finally receive these earrings .
i would never put cheese on this thing .
good color combination not to stark on contrasting .
i 've had this unit for a few years .
i wonder if anyone else has had this experience .
it is well made and very easy to clean .
this wallet is exactly what i was looking for .
i 'll never go back to cheap pans again .
i did n't see the logic behind this garment .
so just turn it close like a regular person .
i used all product and my skin was inflamed .
i 've only just got round to opening this .
these crocs are not a good representation of crocs .
with my old otter box , it did not .
super easy to understand -- super easy to use .
yeah they are expensive but will last forever .
i have unfortunately been consistently disappointed in rothco products .
as others have stated , this little gem works .
never wears out and gets better with age .
keep your dos version if you still have it .
i was very disappointed with this hunter fan .
dented the cup but it still does fine .
these work very well and impressed my grandchildren .
obscures the apple logo on the back of iphone .
the old one still worked , but looked nasty .
overall it looks way more expensive than it is .
clear sound on both ends with hearing and microphone .
the item is made out of cheap metal .
the one stick control leads to several control problems .
the briel machine is going in the trash .
an heirloom to pass down through your family .
they came with a sheet of wonderful instructions .
no more kingston cards - at any price .
if somebody calls , then flip the visor back.pros1 .
it is battery operated or ac plug in .
i think it is meant for someone without hips .
or they are fermented inside making them feel lighter .
however , all-clad is just too much for me .
i have always been a big fan of pyrex .
i bought a linksys wireless router as replacement .
this case was too good to be true .
this is the best i have ever had .
in any case i have n't found anything better .
just stop experimenting for the hell of it .
i have had this fryer for over one year .
this is the first product i 've ever returned .
these screen protectors are great for the price .
the mike works well enough with my iphone .
and for their price , i expected longer usability .
still would buy another one if i need to .
unlike metal it is n't going to get hot .
get the message culligan- this needs to be redesigned .
nice to have an extra battery in a pinch .
i bought this popper about 3 weeks ago .
i needed a replacement for my pitcher in thailand .
however the construction and durability is way below average .
they work fine and are easy to clean .
do n't listen to any nay sayers about this .
this is a replacement for one exactly the same .
in my opinion , it is hard to operate .
to send it back would be another 5 bucks .
there is a 4 foot cord on the receiver .
edit : it did not work for my dog .
there was no reason why it should have happened .
you do n't always get what you pay for .
they were fresh and big and i was impressed .
the timer is like the old time timers .
this is not a required accessory for lps collectors .
the soft cover comes off the phone very easy .
you are not saving money and only gaining aggravation .
the rubber covered handle is easy to hold .
every garlic-loving cook should have one in his/her kitchen .
bought it to soak nuts in before making milk .
what is it you ask ? the crash mode .
6 gallons = just a stich under 50 lbs .
it wasnt cut right and he was very upset .
the camera however changes color when i takes pictures .
this paid for itself after only 2 weeks .
i am so upset that amazon allows this .
the product is well made and looks very nice .
i had light brown to dark blonde hair .
i have the stainless model and really enjoy it .
but unfortunately i decided on price instead of quality .
you will constantly have to reassemble the track .
roomba has no trouble zipping under most furniture .
it 'll turn it into powder in two seconds .
i have n't used a thermos since high school .
am now on hold trying to reach customer service .
as for my skin texture did absolutely nothing .
it has a dull steel blue gray color now .
so , you do have to watch your time .
the volume of the coby ca-747 was ok .
i have been using this product for years .
start the grinder with a relatively coarse setting.3 .
perfect size to fit any briefcase and purse .
and , that is what it boils down to .
this cover looks very nice and it 's cheap .
i went through all 4 in 8 months .
overall a great deal , and i recommend it .
the shipping was almost as much as the proudct .
skinomi has great products and excellent customer service .
this filter is excellent for a coffee machine .
if anything it seemed to agitate his barking more .
this one shows in more of a butterfly shape .
patterson is an idiot when it comes to weapons .
nothing broke and it still works perfectly fine .
i like the retracting feature on this car charger .
i was surprised when i received this set .
the minimum amount of oil that is 2.5 inches .
i was told she is very happy with them .
but this bt one is only just okay .
they seem like their hearts are not in it .
we are both eating more apples and pears now .
the screen was shipped fast and was packaged great .
it can fit like a pen in a pocket .
a really nice final feature is the swiveling base .
i make great cakes everytime in this pan .
easy to fold out and put back up .
it is polyester or some sort of synthetic material .
i use this product daily and it great .
i tried it hot , i tried it cold .
i use it often and highly recommend it .
i did n't find anything great with this product .
i have used them on my tablet and iphones .
first off , the game is way to easy .
some of pink tops cracks during first use .
we get great use from these functional bpa-free containers .
when i first seen the graphics it was awful .
easy review screen film wither sux or is great .
this unit is a bit clunky to work with .
that is most common use with pain problems .
this is one of the best breadmakers ever made .
i like newman 's own organics turkey & veg .
i like the way they came in the mail .
we are very pleased with the foodsaver system .
as a work surface , this is just fine .
wish this had worked for me , as dr .
this device did not work with my cell phone .
my family has an addiction to espresso after dinner .
the swissmar borner v-slicer plus is a great slicer .
the story is very lightweight and definitely not engaging .
dishwasher safe -- strong enough for the bottom rack .
easy to decorate and they did n't tip over .
i tried switching to cast iron - ugh .
they neither froze nor did they become crunchy .
all the controls worked and life was great .
it used to drain out on it 's own .
pay the extra money and get a good set .
the main problem is it will not dissolve .
my heels come over the edge in these .
sorry nylabone , i usually really like your products .
do you need anything else ? i think not .
this is a perfect fit for the kitchenaid mixer .
my doctor recommended a vaporizer for my bedroom .
inverting the sticks has not solved this problem .
it made my skin feel smooth and smelled great .
thinking of chucking the set for something more durable .
the music is cheaper and the story is stupid .
one day , i grabbed it while making margaritas .
you are literally slow cooking your french toast .
and i was given a refurbished one in return .
not much i want to say about this stylus .
it comes with 2 sizes of ear cushions .
i love this set and it was a bargain .
the accuracy depends on your tablet..not the pen itself .
and it even adds a healthy dose of bass .
you can fit a ton of food in it .
i am not fully satisfy with the headphone .
hope this one will last another 6 months .
worked fine for about 2 months , then broken .
i will not be buying this fragrance again .
it is the perfect size for soups and stews .
i washed and rinsed them in the shower after .
give these as gifts when people notice mine .
it came promptly and arrived in a sealed packaging .
it seems a little cheapish in the plastic housing .
the form factor of this grinder is very nice .
this one seems to be made of sterner stuff .
this was a gift and the person loved it .
last time i checked , copper is not red .
wastes a lot of time and probably electricity .
i threw it in the trash where it belongs .
ca n't tell a difference between this and oem .
no soap just the foam from the soap .
not very happy with this case at all .
save your money and buy a kong toy .
the guns themselves were not even very good .
if you are looking for a white case .
i even am considering purchasing a second one .
thats not what i want in a scary game .
i live upstairs in an old and poorly-insulated house .
no more paper taste , no more flolded edges .
i use it mostly for amish white and french .
i reviewed another of these units a while back .
and this will probably not be my last .
product arrived quickly and i assembled it in appx .
i purchased this coffee maker around 4 yrs .
in fact it was painfully frustrating and boring .
i buy our popcorn in 15 pound buckets .
it looks to me like it will last forever .
i did request a refund and it was granted .
no real place for this in my kitchen .
i noticed the difference in the weight , immediately .
this is a great container to keep bacon in .
still i love it and it works great .
pro- you can use this on any fabric .
i did n't even consider them to be pretty .
it was pre seasoned and easy to maintain .
it does need a little sharpening done to it .
this is the best case i have owned .
steam tells you when you can play or not .
corks are removed easily and cleanly every time .
sound quality is fine for a phone conversation .
the crampbuster does not work as advertised for me .
i would not recommend installing this with drywall anchors .
this cast iron skillet is perfect for that .
works great for about the first two months .
but i technically am still giving both no stars .
i wonder if it 'll work after all this .
i like it as soon as i seen it .
basically like eating a piece of crunchy cardboard .
this pullover looks like a very thin sweatshirt .
it is very good looking and easy to clean .
interesting they rave about products from the same supplier .
i would totally recommend this instead of this part .
bottom line , it was a waste of money .
i doubt if anyone ever regretted buying wusthof .
this litter is terrible and did not last long .
a brush is needed to scrub the imbedded garlic .
i might even be getting one for myself .
i wanted these to help her grip the floor .
why do n't you lubricate them in the factory .
she did n't notice any drop in sound quality .
when i started playing it i became very frustrated .
my hair 's natural texture is wavy and frizzy .
they are quality soft rubber and seal extremely well .
i have bought 2 of these air purifiers .
i tend to buy gold toe socks whenever possible .
they serve their purpose , and they look nice .
design of this ge filter at the outset .
at this price buy 2 or more for gifts .
i just do n't get the hang of it .
i broke out a little but that was it .
thule specifies a load limit of 165 lbs .
i expected a kong product to better withstand chewing .
i took the whole bottle in high doses .
it is imperative that the skin stay well moisturized .
we got allot more heat from the fire instead .
it is a good value product i can recommend .
other than that , you have to click over-and-over-and-over-and-over .
the power is great when using the attachments.cons .
this is a great timer , i love it .
the outlets in europe are inset in the wall .
cost $ 99 and had plenty to choose from .
to be brief , like sonic adventure before it .
it would be much cheaper and just as effective .
that is the best thing about this particular product .
hold up well and protects the phone great .
it will soon be without teeth altogether and useless .
it looks like sunscreen and feels oily like sunscreen .
this was not an issue that was encountered .
sturdy and a great hamper for the kids room .
we have not tried it to make pasta yet .
note 2 different sizes , regular and wide mouth .
i bought the product because it was relatively inexpensive .
they fell apart when i first put them on .
i consume energy drinks on a daily basis .
and other times the apple does n't stay centered .
this was a watch i dearly wanted to like .
they will not hold a medium or large speaker .
might work for other uses , just not mine .
apparently works for some , but not for me .
i got this for my first aid kit .
after that the vacuum performance rapidly went downhill .
it came through two turkeys and multiple pies unchanged .
makes the best fried eggs and fried rice .
i hoped it would be a drier scrub .
the cats who need it wo n't eat it .
i like that their design style is consistent .
i do n't like sticking something in my ear.4 .
i play solitaire on it from time to time .
i just did n't like the control at all .
product is just what it 's supposed to be .
i have had the used canister for ten years .
who has room for all of them anyway .
and using aaa batterie gives me lots of flexibility .
i was extremely pleased with this beautiful set .
order jars of mayo at your own peril .
awesome case for a fraction of the price .
much more easily and precisely than other knives .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
these would also make great prep bowl for cooking .
it seems like many customers received good scopes .
the hand held tools work real well also .
great assortment of sizes , comes in very handy .
we have n't discovered the solution to that yet .
i really like the added convenience this gives me .
maybe the higher end monster models are nicer .
he at least did stuff in x4 and x5 .
looks great on my knife magnet on the wall .
the tool kit was great and worked well .
you know those pre-school music cds you can buy .
my tinted moisturizers have better coverage than this .
this seemed like the best tape to use .
the case was smashed a little but still usable .
it is easy to handle while sharpening a knife .
the price was too good to be true .
excellent cutting board , your knives are better protected .
they are black metal and can easily strip .
make sure there is *nothing* on that screen .
there are several others with this same concern .
not at all what i was looking for .
this size is my favorite knife for nearly everything .
i just finished playing this game last night .
i use this cup for making salad dressing .
you literally have to changed batteries every 50-70 shots .
it was more of a mess than anything .
original strength is 10mg and always works great .
great for conditioning or reconditioning wooden cutting boards .
overall , the package reads like a desperate ploy .
i am so glad i ordered this grill .
i do n't think i will buy it again .
it holds it 's position and measurement quite well.2 .
i charged and recharged and only go to blue .
it saved my phone from breaking many times .
you would be surprised at how well they cut .
they also have a wide range of colors .
both fogged up horribly on the 1st swim .
the liquid flow kept getting slower and slower .
i can see if the cat liked it .
but this is just the shaver by itself .
she was surprised to get this in the mail .
so you can imagine the lack of bubbles .
the hard plastic is fitted perfectly and snuggly .
we could not figure out what the heck happened .
would recommend using these for your cell phone charms .
pink salmon is sold in cans majority of times .
this product should not be in the market .
i would not put my camera on this tripod .
these are good cut right and last long .
the game also has some very poorly conceived races .
i think this is a high quality phone case .
you can otherwise just flip the ipod/iphone over .
he has a kindle fire and a tablet .
kind of wish it had a hole for hanging .
my husband just purchased his third of this coffeemaker .
i listened to a youtube videos of it .
it 's comfortable and the edge is actually straight .
people , please read the directions for proper use .
this pan is one of my most used items .
the non-stick coating is still in perfect condition .
one of the worst routers ever to buy .
these batteries were so inexpensive and work great .
not a bad case just not well made .
it started leaving pieces of poo in the litter .
maybe the encryption hoses this products ability to connect .
i broke the glass piece for my french press .
they are very stiff - like wearing steel shoes .
this is a very nice case for the price .
i bought this as a gift for my dad .
otterbox has good reputation for quality cell phone cases .
i only had this for a week or so .
you can see this in the pictures provided .
this is motorola 's phone designed for emerging markets .
i am ordering five more lock and lock containers .
the case goes on snug , and fits perfect .
being selfish i am keeping it for myself .
i will never buy another audio-technica product again ! .
when i tried to detatch and change the oriantation .
it took forever to get to my house .
you can also open the door with one hand .
you do n't even need to peel the cloves .
just an fyi for anyone living in colder climates .
well , we tried this and had mixed results .
purchased two packs of these stakes from amazon .
these are larger bags that work with the foodsaver .
i tried these out and i had high hopes .
( i make smoothies a few times a week .
i have included two photos for your information .
i wear glasses : it fits ok with them .
i have used this product in the past .
these can be used for more than just decorating .
great for travel , poolside or in the office .
it is a trash can with a swing top .
highly recommended because it is well worth the cost .
i only wish i had bought it sooner .
every cook needs these measuring cups in their kitchen .
i highly recommend leapfrog 's dreamscape crib soother instead .
it was easy to set-up and it works great .
i 've had this item for almost 6 months .
it will serve me well during the summer .
sound is good and battery life is sufficient .
do n't need the spray cans of pam anymore .
i bought this to hold up a small camera .
that killed too many processes earlier than needed .
if i could i 'd give it no stars .
i use them when driving and at the gym .
all in all , this is an outstanding unit .
so we were limited to something like this .
i really like how easy they are to unlock .
same as the ones i always use and like .
to me this is unquestionably lazy game design .
one for myself and one for my wife .
fits in jean pockets withease and nicer to hold .
i will send it to the salvation army .
only con is they are not dishwasher safe .
looking forward to using them all in the future .
works well to drain the liquid from tuna .
should have gone to the jeweler to begin with .
tip is history the minute you touch it .
there are just so many tedious things to do .
it 's the little things that make me happy .
we really like the fact the skillet is pre-seasoned .
definitely not sharp enough to cut without discomfort .
never seen him reject a dog food before .
got free shipping & $ 25.00 off the order .
i ordered a size smaller after reading the reviews .
the glue around his eyes scratches and is obvious .
it leaves carpet and other surfaces practically wet .
these shoes look cheap and they fit badly .
i would probably not purchase these pants again .
the correct number is braun 4184-625 blender blade .
like i said , i have very small ears .
first off , the brush is way too big .
just threw it out and went to walmart .
then fine : hit them where they apparently live .
listen , i like a deal like everyone else .
i bought this kit about a year ago .
this is the most boring game for game boy .
gave it to myself for a christmas present .
the ad implies you get 3 cups of coffee .
i could not get my foot into the shoe .
small and stylish but large enough for most bluetooth .
i bought this originally for my sprint evo 3d .
looks like they know what they are doing .
this is not a true 75 foot garden hose .
this is just what i was looking for .
i have had my linksys router for 3 years .
i read the negative reviews and bought it anyway .
worked out well until the power button fell off .
it doens't take up too much counter space either .
my husband works as an over-the-road truck driver .
this works very well when empting our deep fryer .
missing parts and parts that would not fit .
it is a car charger and it charges slowly .
the main problmes i have are the controls .
the thing is in many ways a conversaion starter .
we just wanted to see how well this worked .
i made some perfect pizza and bread on this .
seeing iverson perform a crossover dribble is pure beauty .
i wanted to capture some old vhs tapes .
products are usually a hit or miss with me .
looks really nice and fits the phone well .
the pieces of wood are uneven and not strong .
wished it had been a true wide fit .
so i love the duster but hate the filters .
this will cause unnecessary drying of the wood .
price is better than i can get locally .
probably gone through at least 15 pair of them .
this has become a go to wedding gift .
not worth the money , despite the high ratings .
the balls on these earrings are too small .
i had high hopes and thought it looked inviting .
trying to fight while flying is a royal pain .
for presentation i always lay the dark side up .
it has never clogged up or gotten stuck .
overall , a good product and a good price .
not sure if these are available in different sizes .
makes me wonder how i got by without it .
i use my microwave less for reheating things .
so lame because it can be pretty funny .
we ended up buying three of these cabinets .
it held in place with a phillips screw .
and vice versa.another issue is the night-time song .
charges my samsung galaxy 3 perfectly and quickly .
this jabra easygo bluetooth headset is a nice headset .
i would not hesitate to purchase this item again .
afraid to lose my stuff out of it .
it fits over the ear and it is bluetooth .
it is a great design with a great feel .
i have always washed my whirley-pop in the dishwasher .
it is an alternative to a spoon dish .
i guess it 's less weight on the hair .
you will be just throwing that money away .
i use it two or three times a day .
get a gatco and you 'll be better served .
this headset was great after i bought it .
i will keep this short and to the point .
i leave it on 3g most of the time .
i 've been unimpressed with most dehydrators out there .
we can watch tv with the unit nearby .
i ordered one thinking it would be great .
might be my shower floor - do n't know .
so i took a shot and ordered this .
plastic knob broke off after only three months .
it is comfortable to carry from room to room .
before signal levels were extremely poor or non-existant .
as expected from kensington this works very well .
it could have been great , but is disappointment .
i grew up with the la florentine version .
there really is n't much to say about cheesecloth .
floss works much better and is more environmentally friendly .
i would recommend these to any wine drinker .
it mixes fairly well in both milk and water .
love the color and how functional it is .
it is the best tasting decaf i have found .
but those are my only complaints so far .
work like a charm on my htc one x .
good thing filters for 10 gallon tanks are cheap .
they are very basic have a great capacity .
definetly what i needed to charge my phone .
i liked the single-player mode enough to finish it .
ca n't wait to use it in our camper .
do yourself a favor and spend your money elsewhere .
its blends thoroughly and to a smooth texture .
i find that it tastes a bit rotten .
this is an extremely high-quality piece of kitchen equipment .
this came with my park chain cleaning kit .
there was a new one on the way .
very nice color still use it great price .
the actual case is different from the ad picture .
there are no sides to this slide either .
still have n't found any problems with this product .
i used them for pretty much all my baking .
i bought two and will be back for more .
very pretty and great product for the price .
think the sudden jump in price is unjustified .
i do n't know if it worked or not .
i went back to old fashion stick and sponge .
something that is easy and user-friendly to use .
i ordered this to use with non-stick sauce pans .
the usb ports do not charge all brands .
too bad the battery does n't last that long .
do n't expect these to be packaged very well .
however after a few months the charging port broke .
ready to use in as little as 5-6 minutes .
like going into a mission or defending your turf .
this unique and versatile piggy press works great .
( amazon instructions allow returns only for unopened products .
this small one was my most recent purchase .
it is a great deal thinner than my tilt2 .
the plastic there is keeps food sealed tight consistently .
shredded cheese on top and microwaved for one minute .
paris hilton is not easy to wear , imo .
actually it looks newer than the store demo models .
i 've not had this happen with my wusthofs .
the case is everything i imagined it would be .
i can also bring it to the table .
the unit keeps being reset all the time .
too small for me to notice any differnce .
i used it to protect my refrigerator outlet .
i would recommend buying this to all my friends .
it cools down fast after being in the microwave .
with the t1 , it has been a battle .
i can take pictures with it on too .
i finished the box but wont bother again .
let me say , it is perfection in plastic .
maybe the black color is supposed to be chic .
ca n't be used while shooting- it flares.useless filter .
i too eagerly awaited this title and was disappointed .
for my needs , this filter works just fine .
of course , both files are pretty much unlistenable .
all of them say i sound muffled or underwater .
no lacquer so they it is food safe .
verizon has the best coverage of any provider .
the item we received was not exactly as described .
i made ice tea in it almost every day .
the motorola h500 is a very good unit .
will continue to enjoy for years and pass along .
i bought the dirt devil 15.6v cordless extreme power .
i will not buy from this company again .
i ca n't attest to the healthy aging claim .
birthday present from my girlfriend 2.5 years ago .
i researched them extensively and none offer this feature .
and their software has givin me nothing but problems .
everything you could possibly need is in this kit .
we purchased this microphone for our 2 year old .
i love speck products stylish , protects my phone .
i just wish they had a hostess set .
tried it once it was old and ugly .
we bought these when we bought our bread machine .
shows no sign yet of being a disappointment .
cutting them in half by hand is laborious .
i would highly recommend it to anyone who bakes .
it is still great a great bluetooth headset .
easy to use and a breeze to wash .
so i returned it and got the razr .
be the business pimp you always meant to be .
good for cooking both pastries and other substances .
i contacted their legal deptartment the same day .
and they can even come apart in your mouth .
it was at a door that is never used .
it has performed admirably in all of these tasks .
it was at the very bottom of the container .
no need to get the big processor involved .
these jura 2-phase cleaning tablets really do the trick .
i think i received a close to empty container .
it produces a strong , steady flow of steam .
i even mixed it with several different leave-in conditioners .
i do n't think this cleanser is for everyone .
amazing case works well fits the iphone 4s perfectly .
it is a very heavy & sturdy pan .
i bought this for my lab and sharpie .
these hooks are strong and come off easily .
this charcoal filter really does eliminate the odor .
it sure sounds like a good idea ! but .
no wonder he kept trying to get it off .
i began using this about a month ago .
further the flavor lock is just a gimmick .
the case would not fit or stay together .
so some fitted sheets do not fit on this .
just wish it were made in the usa .
this product should be taken off the market .
i found this version of dove quite disappointing .
so i just gave them away as gifts .
even after all these years the temp is consistent .
it stayed solid and worked like a champ .
the kitchenaid has ample power and is very quiet .
i will not be purchasing these products again .
it is lightweight in every since of the word .
came just as expected and before expected receive date .
has a nice feel with the soft sides .
out of the blue my flash stopped working .
every extra capability must be purchased as an addon .
i use it to help prepare foods for canning .
we tried these because they were on sale .
this is exactly what i felt i was doing .
and many consider a cup to be 12 oz .
i received this with a broken black corner piece .
i went through 2 of these within 5 years .
unfortunately , the clock does not keep time accurately .
that 's why it is a fiesta to use .
it 's hard to anticipate upcoming turns and obstacles .
easy to use and pair with my iphone .
there 's no way it will last very long .
consider the price , you get what you paid .
good for a couple eggs and pieces of bacon .
this protector fits well on the phone front .
i ordred the black rimmed set and the red .
you advance the plot by completing various missions .
to me , this is a cool little grinder .
i am going to try the meat grinding today .
this is an official denial of service bug .
if you are a masochist , look no further .
i bought it when i first started makeup .
thank you amazon for having what i needed .
this has to be the worst coffee maker around .
i give this 5 stars instead of 4 stars .
supposed to be a 2.1 amp usb 3.0 adapter .
so , i purchased it and it was great .
this is a good size grind for general cooking .
super easy to use , a breeze to clean .
this is a pretty sketchy listing for amazon .
you will regret it in the long run .
i have used these wonderful square boards for years .
this is great bakeware for a home cook .
within 1 week of use it fell apart .
or try camelcamelcamel.~~~ comments & questions welcome ~~~ .
very happy with the unit for the price .
the whole unit was only about a dollar more .
plus it has kind of a funky klingon appearance .
there was no sign of damage to it either .
im happy to say that it came out great .
never have to worry about dull knives again .
there is definitely an off taste to these apricots .
please make blue available and i will buy .
it comes with three different sizes of ear pieces .
it actually is an everyday pan in our house .
sadly they did not work out for me .
going to wait for arma-2 to get more stable .
instead i went with raw african organic shea butter .
this worked perfectly on the side of my refrigerator .
its rate of fire is okay at best .
i am so glad that i bought it .
have been using this unit for quite some time .
the unit is not as quiet as advertised .
arrived ahead of schedule.no cutting or sizing needed .
the only thing nice bout this is the bottle .
i have never used a waffle iron before .
it is stretched out of shape and horrible .
i used this pump immediately after i received it .
i was really looking forward to this game .
i was surfing yesterday , using my pocket pc .
calphalon has become my favorite brand of cookware .
that 's why so many people are having problems .
but i do n't buy a dedicated germination kit .
then i peeled a jicama in equal time .
but**** the ball head does not tighten at all .
buy it ; you will not regret the decision .
i agree with some of the other reviews .
two stars are given for innovation and innovation alone .
some non-salt seasoning could make it more flavorful .
it is great for use on non-stick skillets .
i remember getting a very good deal on it .
so many great meals she prepared with it .
i would not recommend this product at all .
centaurs are half man half horse which is awesome .
these are not manufacture issues just personal fit issues .
it charged my phone and ipad in record time .
i think i once went through a 16 oz .
the level selection is not very easy to use .
the chef obliges and takes him into the kitchen .
i use it a lot for dicing onions .
to think that dogs are demons are stupid enough .
i am using this for my kombucha brew .
easily moved to various locations depending on need .
you pay big bucks for at the mall .
ladainian tomlinson had 265 rushing yards and four touchdowns .
this did not fit my verizon s4 properly .
however , it is similar to the newer models .
they are a wonderful shoe on dry surfaces .
i 'm sure they probably work better on fiberglass .
i use it a ton and love it .
what bacon ? very very mild bacon flavor .
backup batter life by having the battery case included.5 .
this lipstick is a complete waste of money .
i only wish it was a bit larger .
also the locks were quite uncomfortable to use .
maybe our track is the only one with issues .
way too much coriander for my taste buds .
canon recently replaced it with a 70-300mm is .
i doubt it will survive another power disruption .
this is a very well built pizza pan .
i was given one of these at work .
they fit perfectly and are exactly as described .
i 've gone through multiple sets of wireless headphones .
it is a good product at a good price .
this game is a waste of time and money .
a very worthy purchase for a gadget junkie .
fyi : this lid lifter is made in china .
i have had and currently have many cuisinart appliances .
i have a big problem with losing bluetooths .
i could n't even begin to get them on .
the 10 month old baby loves this thing .
but it came on time , was packed nice .
i use it primarily for flax seed grinding .
be gentle with it and it should last .
just do n't expect them to be rock solid .
trying to return it has been one huge hassle .
everyone needs a good set of mixing bowls .
the hx550 is the all around best so far .
works great for tapping the keyboard keys accurately .
this is my first all stainless steel grid .
i have not been dissappointed in this phone .
oem does not carry the black with pink case .
it plays just like tenchu 3 , only harder .
i was up and running in 2 minutes .
without a doubt , it works and is amazing .
zippers are large and yet a bit plastic .
i think i will be cleaning up vomit soon .
the button to click the lock button came off .
i had this product for over 2 weeks .
i bought this hot air popper for health reasons .
wow this thing gives me an instant headache .
evidently some of these routers work as advertised .
this cereal has 19 grams of sugar per cup .
unfortunately the battery is sealed into the plastic .
what flavors were there were too weak to detect .
i went back to using a traditional litter box .
i 'll remember to stay away from jms bras .
it was a waste of money to me .
after owning it for several years the lever broke .
i am heard clearly , with no ambient noise .
not wasting any more money on these things .
i purchased this headset for my wife for christmas .
i picked this up because my kids love bubbles .
this spatula works great and is a perfect size .
it only held a charge for 5 minutes .
the rental machines do a much better job .
gps is a big drain on your phone .
anyways i would not recommend this product to anyone .
the pouch arrived when they said it would .
anyway when i bought this one it looked great .
growing up , my house had one can opener .
which is a great size for hashbrowns , too .
feels cheap but has gone for multiple charges .
overall it 's a good case for the money .
i got this case wanting protection for my phone .
that is not small so i returned it .
i really like how soft and cuddly it is .
this is a very disappointing product on several levels .
this cereal is nothing special among american breakfast cereals .
did speed tests both before and after tinkering .
i was looking for a great organic e.v .
i use a pressure cooker almost every day .
would recommend every knife in the classic line .
we own the rechargeable version of this as well .
we make these once a week at least .
i ca n't believe what a difference they make .
i ca n't ask for any more than that .
i was skeptical and my fears were confirmed .
both are alot more playable and more enjoyable .
i bought mine at gnc and returned them today .
the honey & orange juice thin out the yogurt .
i was pleasantly surprised at how precise it is .
i am about to return this to the store .
too soft and it sticks inside the mechanism .
could n't find 1 interesting thing about these game .
it has all samsung logo and upc code .
it did n't seem to do much for me .
just what the title says my daughters loved these .
it does not stay in place on the floor .
i 'll save it for scrubbing walls or something .
i love butter so this item was a must .
great portable charging or powering solution on the go .
it broke the second time she wore it .
the cars handle like crazy , and the a.i .
i wish i could find another like it .
i bought this thinking it was something else .
the lower hopper fits well so it seals tightly .
very good product price is right for me .
blue air 500 series we have works great .
i would n't purchase these again in the future .
i walked into my kitchen and came right back .
so it is not like they would downgrade that .
i tried the recipe that came with the rings .
i should have invested in these years ago .
and that will last a rather long time .
you can find food with better ingredients for cheaper .
i am extremely pleased with this wonderful waffler .
it is indeed very pretty but not much else .
this bread maker is incredibly easy to use .
we only use it on the laminate floors.2 .
so now this expensive mug is totally useless .
i got a similar case for my galaxy s3 .
it 's everything we wanted in a food processor .
they had no or limited ability to help me .
still think the nozzle is a little too long .
also enjoyed playing with the colorul little balls .
takes less time and effort than a rolling slicer .
i ordered this as a gift for my sister .
its a heavy glass measuring 1 quart measuring cup .
its a good value case that offers good protection .
i would not recommend these to anybody - useless .
the elastic strap also wears very easily and quickly .
only time will tell if it will last .
this product is sturdy and has a tough spring .
the bottle was missing 1/3 of the product .
the hat was much smaller than i was expecting .
it does n't look bad and clipped on snugly .
the noise actually goes well with the retro-clunky look .
i have 100 % of everything in one place .
it was by far their best rice cooker .
i received 6 packs and did not finish 1 .
i use it mostly for cutting vegetables for salad .
i reordered my conditioner on august 16 , 2013 .
comfort , part 2i wore my contact lenses today .
i figured eventually it would save me money .
it fell apart the first day i got it .
i wish i would have gotten another one .
disappointed and would not recommend you buy these .
i am extremely happy with this purchase however .
i bought these for my four granddaughters for christmas .
too snug around the front part of the foot .
i 'm not that tethered to my cell phone .
we have used these and enjoy them greatly .
i 've decided this is a better solution though .
i was not willing to try it again .
helps make for a very easy clean up .
they had a lot of them on the shelf .
fits my cuisinart coffee maker like the original .
they are thick enough that they hardly ever break .
that came as i would expect , pretty standard .
i 've never had a problem with those products .
i think the stuff is too expensive also .
and since then have built up a nice surface .
that vibrating thing feels bizarre to shave with .
this is another excellent baking pan from calphalon .
the money in this game is all messed up .
so a case that combines both is ideal .
my 7 year old beagle loves this food .
this seemed more to me like a self tanner .
i noticed absolutely no benefit in taking it .
what more can i ask for its perfect .
tested on a battery tester too and it concurred .
the spout in the picture no longer represents .
it 's heavy and a simple design to it .
this is my second one of these devices .
it attaches with a small piece of flexible plastic .
i was hoping it would be tiny chili chunks .
it was not due to misuse or abuse .
i purchased this product about 2 years ago .
i have used it as a grill and griddle .
this is the perfect jar for my vanilla sugar .
a little common sense goes a long way here .
cleanup consists of a quick rinse in the sink .
so far have used it for baking breaded shrimp .
it is a nice size and worked perfectly .
worth the price buy as any as you can .
the bristles on this are nice and sturdy .
i bounght mine six years ago in 2007 .
i bake cookies to mini pizzas on it .
we received our starter set as a wedding gift .
the straw was hard to pull off the container .
i bought this machine to make liposomal vitamin c .
i kept putting on the stock 18-55 is .
works ! a great way to make healthier popcorn .
it was packaged secure and arrived as stated .
i would n't purchase again especially for this price .
way too salty , and an odd flavor besides .
i have owned this oven for about 5 years .
he squeaked and threw it into the air .
clear around the edges and opaque on the back .
a mistake on my part to be sure .
the blades and discs are heavy and sharp .
this card would n't work after hours of trying .
well there is a reason for this too .
pairing with my samsung reclaim phone was simple .
plus , no preservatives or additives of any kind .
bigger is better when we have gathering at home .
the older versions of the aerolatte tended to wobble .
this is a must-have for the iron fry pans .
highly recommended for both the performance and price .
i should have purchased this a long time ago .
however it makes great milkshakes and instant puddings .
apple wanted $ 150 just to replace the phone .
throw it into the air and go boom ! .
i received these yesterday so far so good .
it will make you wince from three feet away .
we bought this for our granddaughters 4th birthday .
from this , i have and they went hungry .
be careful.as noted elsewhere you should beware of counterfeit .
these things are like like soft chewy rubber .
it comes with software and easy easy easy installation .
both our teapots were impulse purchases made in stores .
i especially like the handle on this cup .
they are not as soft as i was hoping .
it also folds so it 's easy to store .
i was so disappointed when i tried it .
oxo makes great products at a great price .
i like the display and layout of this thermometer .
very easy to clean and super easy to juice .
afterall why make a bone the color white .
they work great and hold the vacuum well .
the case fits on the phone and is loose .
hope this battery helps me improve on that ! .
i rated 1 star because there is not less .
it sits on the all clad 4 qt .
i have had no issues with this charger .
when vegetables are cooking , they give off moisture .
i have beat one boss is about all .
plus the channellock is more useful for other tasks .
wok stirring or around contoured pan bottom edges .
and if you are , you may feel differently .
this knife can do it all and more .
the gogroove is the best headset for the price .
do not recommned it for larger phones at all .
just ok compared to others belonging to friends .
it seems like most people forget about that .
excellent performance -- every clove gets pressed well .
i have never had such a quick charge .
i have to highly recommend paloma flats in general .
it arrived on-time but did not work properly .
not too hard to get on or off .
this is not an impressive product after several uses .
the premise starts off interesting , though pretty convoluted .
i tried it twice and regretted it both times .
works great so i can make perfect waffles ! .
the power hand nozzle is great on furniture .
a solid one quart sauce pan for boiling eggs .
drawback is there are no user replaceable batteries .
installation is easy and it works very well .
however the battery is useless after it initially discharges .
you can practically wipe off baked on stuff .
the main problem is the patterning on the handle .
i was n't sure when buying this pan online .
could n't have been any better for my motorola .
i bought a black and a pink case .
delivery was prompt and product was as described .
nothing wrong with these cutting boards at all .
i found that the scent throw was greatly diminished .
i decided to give this case a shot .
unfortunately this saucepan does not fit into that category .
this used to be my go-to chai brand .
the iced coffee was made at 1 pm .
this is arguably the only real linux handset .
not bad tea , just not a good tea .
does a great job of protecting the phone .
you will have issues with it collecting dust .
the accessories that come with it are great .
even with a few hard to press out bubbles .
i used linksys in the past with no problems .
but i think for spices its great too .
this is so horrid you want to cry .
my old hoover carpet shampooer finally bellied up .
i find this to be very helpful at times .
the design lives up to it 's name futura .
assembly is easy and can be performed in minutes .
i really like how fast it makes ice cream .
this jabra is about as good as it gets .
just unwrap & let it hang below your camera .
i was very pleased with this cotton ball/swab holder .
very comparable to the width of an iphone .
i bought this as a gift for my mom .
the charger works well at all times so far .
i 've used it exclusively for deep fat frying .
i reuse the disc several times before replacing them .
had to call support.it died in about 6 weeks .
have also used to seal smaller amounts of cheese .
i like my new set of corelle livingware .
the thing is built like a piece of s*** .
when i got it , it looked very big .
it stays sharp and is easy to handle .
it takes up very little space on the counter .
maybe this is my bad or lack of knowledge .
after 3.5 months of wearing these flip flopsbottom line .
an example is the great built in navigation .
my take on it , your mileage may vary .
we have two chargers in the automobile these days .
like many i have almost plucked my eyebrows away .
i ordered these glasses based on others comments .
other than that great grip and decently protective .
gave it another try afterwards , using more primer .
they were exactly what i ordered and wanted .
however , i am very happy with this product .
it makes it quickly and nothing is wasted .
but overall , good material and a good case .
i got this to baste my turkey for thanksgiving .
i wonder how i survived without getting this sooner .
it is thick and hefty but not heavy .
you ca n't plug your charger into a tree .
really did not work like your basic curler .
i would n't recommend this phone case to anyone .
i had it for awhile but rarely used it .
one star is too much for this product .
i purchased this item to hold an arduino project .
the do however , could use a stronger magnet .
i loved my first pair of these shoes .
gave it to someone named happy on her birthday .
so i have to recommend against buying it .
i was very disappointed with the sound quality .
collapsible feet that fold neatly out of sight .
the collar is powdery and a bit messy .
there are some good stylus for the price .
i guess you get what you pay for .
chops the ice as well and adds air .
it took awhile for me to get the product .
i thought the ps3 bluetooth was a great purchase .
so i believe this cable is a good deal .
using apple 's usb charger is an overnight process .
many people develop dermatitis from prolonged exposure to it .
its a cute item and for a good price .
united states is now one of the chocolate producers .
the point of a screen protector is protection .
poor quality , most of the kernels remain unpopped .
it 's kind of shaped like a bobby pin .
i regret taking these along on a trip .
this time the power led light was off .
they are also much smaller than the originals .
installing this scope mount is a one shot deal .
ps2 got gyped on the online play as well .
it 's very small and has an indicator led .
i thought maybe this was an isolated problem .
i wish they had another one slightly bigger .
add butter to that and i 'm in heaven .
looks very sexy but the rhinestones fall off easy .
this thing will put a good edge on anything .
the gameplay is cumbersome and the cut-scene movies numerous .
i diced all the ingredients into managable pieces .
i definitely recommend this to all my friends ! .
i left my phone on top of the car .
and as the carpet dried it looked better .
you will have a full bowl of popcorn .
i use the dermolagica primer and it is wonderful .
i think i get a pretty good deal here .
the integrity of the plastic might be compromised .
there are less expensive which do the job .
does not fit well on my 3gs iphone .
i heard it has cancer causing chemicals in it .
we have quite happy w/ both of them .
join me on youtube by the name of rnelson299 .
this game has way below average graphics and sound .
what a great way to make a healthy snack .
lodge makes great products at a great price .
i was not able to use this product .
they all worked flawlessly on my iphone 4 .
very responsive while using wifi to browser the web .
it cooks beautifully and the nonstick finish is unbelieveable .
i bought the onyx pro 5 3 mos ago .
i had new eggs to boil and peel .
this is a must have in any kitchen .
my whole screen is one big water mark .
try a traditional uhf antenna to receive hdtv .
easy to learn to use the different features .
i expected it might not hold up at all .
it has pretty much what every kitchen needs .
it was a good deal for the price .
it was pretty cheap so i ca n't complain .
this is a very good product for the price .
food taste great when cooked in cast iron .
it was too large and did n't stay on .
my daughter refused to wear this on halloween .
once the pan is hot it stays hot .
belkin consistently cranks out quality apple compatible peripherals .
none of it has been as it was portrayed .
left my skin looking dirty , not sun kissed .
it worked perfect , no problems what so ever .
it 's hard to line the legs up properly .
i have used this thermos a number of times .
with in a matter of weeks it was cracking .
i have used it for pizza and homemade bread .
i am very disappointed with this seat bag .
what is ther not to like about this mixer .
not in love with this like other posters are .
i was looking for a knife and this is .
they didnt feel as awesome as some people say .
its not clystal clear sound but no issues .
the chemex makes the best cup hands down .
i plan to order another for my niece .
the charger works great , does what it says .
i have two thomas take and play sets .
the fourth ingredient in this candy is ammonium chloride .
this product works great and cleans up easily .
i get the feeling that something was changed .
the face was almost always somewhat smooshed and crumbly .
i just recently bought a new convection/toaster oven .
this was an inexpensive case and easy to order .
it fits the base of my double steamer perfectly .
otherwise i think it is a great fan .
this unit is designed like a state-of-the-art hearing aid .
now i have decided to throw it away .
it fit correctly on my new iphone 5 .
4s or later iphone , newest ipads and ipods .
charge times are comparable with anything else available .
no assembly and ready to go out of box .
both of us are very happy with them .
this is a tool line that has no equal .
how did i live without one for so long .
a pantry basic that gets a lot of use .
i dont like the sides to bend at all .
also the ol ' roy is a 44 lb .
you can get it at target , wal-mart etc .
and you can email the videos on this phone .
and the zippers slide way , way too easily .
so it is basically useless- over-priced , watered-down junk .
i 'll be back at the end of june .
i hope that the machine works as described .
but it usually makes the track pop apart .
so i contacted cs and arranged for a replacement .
too many small parts for little children tho .
these are huge and cover my entire ear lobe .
the chopsticks are well made and high quality .
but do n't expect much from the included sub .
my foot slipped right out of the shoe .
a truly staggering level of apathy by the manufacturer .
amazing skins ! all imperfections work themselves out magically .
insert the frother 's wand into the hot milk .
hats off to you if you can down them .
i recommend all reasonable users do the same .
the clips do n't hold the roller in place .
under twenty bucks and free shipping incredible deal .
it came looking great and exactly what i wanted .
meaning they do not hold up to abuse .
the 'platter ' had split into two separate pieces .
this is what i get for trying to economize .
i never even used it , sent it back .
will update if bad things happpen with case .
this shaker has worked very well for me .
i have had more fun with this machine .
by the way , the block button was x .
about the only advantage these cars have vs .
every color i put on was very vivid .
no big mess to clean up and no leftovers .
lets you know what # is calling you .
i like the protection it offers the most .
they make great products and they do great marketing .
i even take this when i go camping ! .
the unit seems well made and feels solid .
i love all of the previous final fantasy games .
quality of sound from included headphones is excellent .
the reception improved to a handful of stations .
her only regret is not replacing the battery sooner .
it may or may not be faster than ironing .
i bought this after reading some of the reviews .
an outdoor grill was out of the question .
it got my phone but did n't fot me .
these flip flops do not fit true to size .
i am very pleased with my lodge 12 in .
this product offers some protection and a zebra design .
i have had this for a while now .
to me , that is just a little dangerous .
the movements are jerky compared to an elliptical .
i have no idea why they did that .
it came apart the first time i used it .
this case is a bit larger than necessary .
this is the perfect replacement for my phone .
then we got a second dog , a puppy .
after a cumulative 45 minutes , i gave up .
regret buying it , but it was not misrepresented .
the battery life right now is spot on .
i bought this to have a magnetic checkers set .
it works wonderfully and seasoning it was a breeze .
amazon has top pricing on this product too .
add more water before switching to this hook .
but my second legend has the exact same problem .
but dont expect a lot from the multi-function button .
this was the same thing , but really cheap .
this is perfect for steeping loose leaf tea .
also the heavu fragrance in.there was also irritating .
i ordered this coffee maker for my mother .
take it from a guy who likes to learn .
arrived in the day i expected and works beautifully .
i would recommend this case to friends and family .
it never worked -even out of the box .
i believe this is mainly water in the bottle .
however i did not find this to be enjoyable .
my steamer basket fits perfectly in the bottom .
great product for back great price ! highly recommended .
directions for frozen cobs was for 8-12 mins .
bulges out around the middle sides a little .
i have had good luck with these so far .
this helped the hot flashes for about a week .
this popper is awesome ( as poppers go ) .
this product did not stay on my head well .
all mobile phones tend to be treated pretty roughly .
i have used it about 3 times a week .
i am new to baking nice looking stuff .
will not be buying products from this company ever .
i expect to use it for many years .
it fit so much more than the standard strainer .
it was still stinging after i washed it off .
plus everybody hears me perfect even while biking .
lodge cast iron cooking requires added protection from heat .
had these for 4 years now in frequent use .
if someone has come up with alternatives please post .
certainly a great deal when getting under $ 80 .
phone works like new with no problems at all .
they apparently have changed it to a cheap dispenser .
i think it just tastes just like tap water .
everything you read in the other reviews is correct .
this hits you over the head with fishiness .
the exaust doesnt blow the unpicked up dirt everywhere .
i was skeptical but i am now a believer .
this is what i get for being impatient .
my puppy peed on everything except for these pads .
you can smoothly draw and/or precisely select icons .
within a mile i felt something by my feet .
it also darkened tte screen on the phone .
the motor is out of balance some house .
the glass with digitizer and adhesive tape works well .
next ones will be the scalloped square ones .
this case has a super look to it .
i have now used the ice cream attachment twice .
great knife for multiple use , and very sharp .
i think that speaks well for these rings .
nothing too fancy about this screen protector set .
i will never attempt to clean another whisk .
there is some depth to developing your rescue team .
long ago , i had a toshiba grind/brew machine .
i only wore these once and once was enough .
lightly coat the garlic cloves with olive oil .
the locking mechanism is simple and easy to use .
we let the kids have it in the car .
i have always heard that babyliss is the good .
the original everlast mats were n't made of sponge .
so far we 've had no need of that .
this was my last thing i have not tried .
only have a few bubbles around one edge .
it is used to sync my iphone with itunes .
a bit pricey but it stands above other brands .
the did not work for me at all .
in my opinion this is a fun working toy .
this one may have just been a bad example .
a little hard to get aligned up properly .
i wish we would have gotten it sooner .
i do n't know what to think of this .
these glasses are not meant to be stacked .
the small sizes seem to accommodate only narrow feet .
mine used all 4 leds to indicate battery level .
i paid $ 49 for the set of two .
no more waiting for a hot cup of tea .
they will work for what i need them for .
in a very quiet environment , they work fine .
soaking is a necessity since it is raw .
unfortunately one side of the splitter does n't work .
one drop and it will be scarred for life .
the only detail known is the battery consumption .
it fits perfect and does the job right .
both of them went south after moderate usage .
the side-venting sucks the dust in from all directions .
brilliant ! wish i had it all my life .
the boards also seem to be overly complex .
it looks like your playing on a gameboy .
the dynamic sound of these headphones are great .
i suspect the espresso does n't meet connoisseur standards .
i get 2 full days of full use .
the chocolate coating had white or cream colored spots .
use & abuse and it performs year after year .
corelle is my favorite material for everyday dishes .
too bad i could n't find that one again .
the songs are also sung really really fast .
pops right into the dishwasher with no trouble .
i like this holder for its look and quality .
saved $ 5 by purchasing on amazon vs michaels .
two things make me recommend not buying this case:1 .
amazon stated that i could reorder it but .
its ashame too , becausethis phone had it all .
this is simply the best case money can buy .
i figured the proof was in the tasting .
this shoe was a bis disappointment to me .
they fix it it for me for free .
the bars came warped and hard to assemble .
i ended up getting a new keyboard instead .
the warranty is 15 years now on the menu .
i also love how small of portions it makes .
it is impossible to go bankrupt to my knoledge .
another great looking piece of junk from salton .
i bought it because my previous timer died .
so it has a military style look about it .
a new expansion was about to come out .
i bought these because i hate the plastic ones .
it has rubberized handles and very sharp blades .
by far the most scary of the products tested .
love the sensation of a closed masturbator device .
i never thought this would solve all my problems .
smells like a savory dish to me *shrugs* .
no one cared , because i had dropped it .
breaks or runs out of battery juice fairly quickly .
this unit was easy to install and set up .
i have had no problems placing or receiving calls .
love fiesta and have a lot of it .
i 'm hoping that skip it returns some day .
i have also used it on my ipod 3g .
the call quality is adequate on both ends .
it is thick with a nice cloth liner .
her idle animation is a thing of beauty .
you ca n't go wrong with all stainless steel .
i have several window fans around my home .
use a file to shape it , if necessary .
surprisingly there is very little actual scientific research .
hope it holds up in the long run .
you plug it in and the phone gets power .
this trend has been going on for a while .
i am tall but it was way too short .
many other phones outperform iphone 4 in this area.6 .
and bed , bath and beyond carry it too .
i ordered them from swanson vitamins in december 2012 .
no smell and great warmth on my feet .
charged my ipad2 and blackberry smart phone simultaneously .
it makes my hair hard to comb through .
it will likely provide years of good service .
we use these alot and they work great .
maybe eight feet with a wall between us .
the battery compartment is very deep and extremely snug .
i have one on my desk phone too .
the max drive will update your cheats quickly .
this particular style seems to hold up very well .
like it has a residue on it or something .
i like giving them a high quality food .
does n't fit correctly and makes you look flat .
the quality is not as good as expected .
i took a sip and made a face .
the sone 's porosity means it will stain easily .
for reference , i have 3a type curly hair .
i had absolutely no luck with these at all .
using the headset is very easy as well .
holds tight to waist belt with simple spring clip .
you will be amazed how much dirt there is .
i have it sharpened about once a year .
i did not purchase my set from this vendor .
it works as a head unit in my car .
it tastes kind of like chemicals or plastic .
quick clean up with a moisten paper towel .
highly recommended if you have a creme charger .
it also seems to have shimmer in it .
the product does not work as it says .
it is light duty but the quality seems reasonable .
i installed a bag and thought it worked ok .
next time an in store purchase may be better .
the phone cover fit perfectly on my phone .
i loved the velvety fur look from adventures .
from past experience , hepa filters get horribly clogged .
you wo n't have to worry about cleanup either .
i live in my truck and at truck stops .
there are two snazzy shallow grooves running vertically .
this case will not stay charged for long .
now i know what all the fuss is about .
this is the perfect knife for the small hand .
it handles stiff batter as well as gooey .
my low rating is based on installation and setup .
my connection comes and goes seemingly at will .
i finally found something large enough for the space .
a lot of debris at expressways shoulders i ride .
i received the product , it works as advertised .
as i write this i have invested 2.5 hrs .
she immediately ordered me to take a shower .
almost immediately the insects puzzle began to bubble up .
so i took a chance and bought it .
i discontinued the use of this stuff immediately .
not even worth the time to send it back .
i changed my rating from 1 star to 4 .
housing and design are sleek and built to last2 .
this pot is a great value for the price .
phone is evo 3d with the otter box case .
wonderful sandwich knife as well as anything else .
i have been a cuisinart fan for some time .
i would recommend to anyone looking for a grinder .
i would never ever ever buy this gum again .
she has not had any problems with it .
even fable seems non-linear with respect to this .
this is a pretty solid zester - microplaner .
well you really get what you pay for .
i was not , and it was not pretty .
streets of f ** * **g rage part 3 .
it has a lot of power and looks sleek .
for earbuds , the quality of sound is excellent .
the sound quality of the earpiece is crystal clear .
it should be noted that it is heavy .
in addtion , the construction provides some minor irritations .
i had to buy the actual one from meade .
amazon did refund me the money from the case .
you ca n't find anything better for the price .
they are very sturdy and they arrived quickly too .
i used this cable and it charged like normal .
really takes basic cakes to the next level .
once they arrived we put them on the charger .
i had to buy another orion ez finder deluxe .
i bought a otterbox for my iphone 4s .
the battery life issue is blown out of proportion .
even the mug has a very strong smell .
it was more trouble than it was worth .
but i did n't even get to see it .
not too heavy and not flimsy at all .
this is a fine product with a great price .
i find many of my baking/cooking items on amazon .
i have nothing nice to say about this coffee .
i like it and i think you will too .
it left my hair feeling dry and not conditioned .
i 'd prefer the option of a thinner lip .
this one is the right length and works perfectly .
apparently one of the metalic contacts has become damaged .
the way it is designed makes a mess .
i will say that it is an original idea .
i was tired of breaking $ 5 can openers .
i like the small size and light weight .
do not waste your money on this product .
i will avoid this brand altogether in the future .
it is n't even as long as the original .
look for sellers offering the real thing by nintendo .
wish i had read the reviews before purchasing .
the fan works like it says it does .
i 've used it about 20 times by now .
they showed no interest playing with the ball .
still use these , 2 years after purchasing them .
the excess cheese simply fell off after cooking .
this one is way overpriced by the way .
the size of the pounding end is really nice .
i would numerous complaints of echos or poor quality .
this could have become a medical emergency pretty quickly .
buy a different one for a little more money .
small form factor makes it easy to carry .
can cook 2 things at once in this pan .
no where to go , no where to hide .
it does however make your skin feel smooth .
the static problem has long been gone in mine .
the size was small and it is very light .
for the price i would have expected better .
my husband can break anything that says its unbreakable .
for the second batch , i was extra careful .
had to replace all of my metal utensils .
i used to love it for the bitter taste .
convection ovens use forced air to cook evenly .
save yourself the time & $ & look elsewhere .
it kills my hand , which suffers from rsi .
they lose their oompf after about 8 oz .
think german shepherd with the legs lopped off .
i got this for christmas , from my hubby .
do yourself a healthy favor and buy natural nuts .
so i tend to grind a bunch at ones .
just not my type of shoe so sent back .
i have gone through quite a few humidifiers .
i bought this jar to create a self-contained biosphere .
i have given them to friends and family too .
it does work for my sandisk sansa mp3 player .
it looks nice too , which is a bonus .
this is perfect except forthe size of the holes .
please save your money for a better model .
thanks amazon for having your one day sale .
this is a very high quality toaster oven .
amazon is kind enough to refund me the money .
the rest will be going in the trash .
when my eyes watered it came right off .
sometimes it works and sometimes it does not .
this case fits perfect ! and works really well .
i was very excited due to the rave reviews .
and for the cost ? that is very unacceptable .
it removed all the winter 's dirt and mud .
i emailed them and will try calling again .
i decided to purchase the t-fal magiclean deep fryer .
it is a huge technological oversight in my opinion .
meanwhile , this stuff will go in the garbage .
this is just the same old stuff , folks .
you receive what you paid for , good value .
i loved my case and got it pretty quick .
this feature is what edges out the prime .
i liked it so much i bought two .
something in the motor must have gone on it .
still have n't figured out why it does this .
i will not be purchasing anymore of this shirt .
lightweight bowl..perfect size for serving and it looks classy .
all cars should come standard with this blue tooth .
they cook evenly , and a nice golden color .
next , the magnet signaled a low battery warning .
i gave this tea a good , long shot .
this does exactly what it is suppose to .
she took one bite and agreed with me .
i have a love for gingersnaps and candied ginger .
it 's a shame because i really like those .
this is one catit product i can not recommend .
i purchased my filtron about a year ago .
using the r trigger to go down and up .
just got this thing and it is wretched .
save your money and buy a different model grater .
i have had this mill for over a year .
it could take a pounding and keep going .
for tomatoes i definitely reach for a victorinox knife .
i made this purchase based on several reviews .
they are a good weight and are well made .
so i was n't really expecting much at all .
i keep my chopping blade in my processor .
i luv the style and quickness of opener .
i got chips in less than 12 hours .
i waited and waited and waited some more .
save your money and steer clear of this one .
never will you see buildings like that- trust me .
it 's too big for my 20 month old .
bad design for the way i carry my camera .
this is the gold standard in fondue pots .
and well just got back into it again .
it still closes , but with a little work .
kitchenaid should get zero stars for this one .
no can even keep zero on my little crosman .
wishing we had not purchased them in the end .
naturally i would never buy an oneida product again .
this works perfectly fine for the iphone 3gs .
now i have it as a back up .
it charges all my electronics with the adapters included .
it also works great with my android phone .
the rosters were supposed to be as of aug .
my husband is almost done with one month .
it looks retro-designer/ mid-century , a bit industrial-looking maybe .
it 's just a giant expensive piece of plastic .
who will look underneath the cup for a design .
okay , it just cycled back on at 180 .
but i thought- i should use the filters .
my only complaint is it is not big enough .
these are ok , but difficult to apply correctly .
checked all wires individually and they all work .
i kept it though i do not use it .
my little dogs did not like these treats .
i gave this waffle maker as a shower gift .
it now just shows up as a generic monitor.3 .
there are simply none that get consistently good reviews .
it looks good when i use my phone .
goes right into the wood and dries fairly quickly .
so i took it back and got some eyeshadow .
i really was not impressed with this hot drink .
tried the 524 and had nothing but trouble .
as a caveat , i do live in arizona .
seems sturdy , and feels secure on a belt .
the only good thing was that it was cheap .
this pan worked as stated in the description .
this machine meant well but it was a failure .
i love cuisinart electronics and enjoy extending their lives .
i should have just purchased another heavy manduka pro .
these replacements came quickly and are of good quality .
that requires a bit of trial and error .
it comes off in a few hours in patches .
maybe try some proven methods like that first .
will go back to what i purchased before .
i am by no means a professional photographer .
i use on my phone and my tablet .
i love it.i bought another one as a spare .
as good as more expensive calphalon for my use .
has a spout and a handle for easier pouring .
the problem is that it only lasted 6 month .
my other bowl did not have a handle .
it works wonderfully either on exhaust or intake .
second i moved up to the jawbone icon .
we are very pleased with this tortilla press .
i could not get this to work for me .
where amazon got that address i 'll never know .
these were well priced and are very sharp .
it finally lost suction a few days ago .
but these tongs are basically only good for salad .
meats are so easy to tenderize in an instant .
you ca n't miss it this time of year .
it is very cheaply made and a lousy design .
i 'm writing this review almost a year later .
i would n't call this a rosemary potato chowder .
this is very comfy and easy to use .
fast ship , powerful functionality.most relevant 2 online purchasing .
i am happy with the product over all .
i got this and put it on y ipod .
the bra just makes me look like im 12 .
i just make sure the butter is soft .
i was skeptical but gave this one a try .
we were hoping he would grow into it .
i guess smell is particular to each person .
most of my cleaning revolves around this stuff .
saying that , drawing straws would be more fun .
purchased two and we put one in each car .
i 've had more communications with bionaire customer service .
beware : dented cans are not something to chance .
these board are exactly what you would expect .
first the looks & the name are quality .
if it were possible i would give 0 stars .
it is a good knife tho and very sharp .
worked successfully the following 13 months , then died .
it was just ok after i installed the protector .
the top plastic lid has no strain in it .
the recipes on the maker 's website are inspiring .
it compliments my desk and file cabinet perfectly .
clay absorbs water then slowly releases the moisture .
and it looks like it will last forever .
holds up well and holds the iphone 4 nicely .
well made cover up for my kitchen aid mixer .
it also washes up well in the dishwasher .
no matter just takes an extra couple of minutes .
it smelled nice.other than that , it did nothing .
the butter melter on the top is silly .
dumping the dirty water was also very easy .
its all dazzle with no meat on its bones .
so i thought i would give it a try .
plus it is a breeze to clean up .
purchased this item as christmas present for wife .
it works well and like a toaster should .
came with velcro - that was a joke .
am giving my free case to my daughter ! .
these stainless steel skewers are well-made and sturdy .
unless you want to experience the 1980s again .
and the company washed their hands of this unit .
i take back everything negative i may have said .
they certainly served me well throughout my college years .
with no real change in diet or exercise .
i just started doing lots of home canning .
after 38 years our oster egg poacher/cooker is shot .
i will have to order the 28 oz .
this product does what it is supposed to do .
first my husband wanted it , then my son .
this was for plantar facia , which i have .
wish there were half sizes ! i returned them .
i bought this and a two paneled kitchen cart .
i definitely would recommend this over the belkin .
i am talking about scanning the short wave signals .
the pressure cooker is much larger than i need .
you will not be disappointed with this one .
there is nothing 'mini ' about the operation either .
i 'm glad i have purchased this dash mount .
they both love the nylabone puppybone teething chew toy .
i 've had the dlink di-524 for eight months .
primary use is for pot pies and cooks evenly .
the popper works great with or without oil .
i 'd give it 6 stars if i could .
it is overpriced for just a single phone charger .
the loop does n't really help with small blemishes .
the micro usb connector does not fit well .
unfortunately the motor died after a few months .
forget the primer and stick with the blinc mascara.bl .
unfortunately this toy is too big for her hands .
it does what i need it to do .
use it mainly for hash browns and zuchini bread .
i bought one of these and absolutely love it .
being a nokia fan , i purchased the 710 .
oh well , you get what you pay for .
i played all summer , over and over again .
i used it on my wrists and knee .
there is no better mug on the market .
but the charger is not put together very well .
overall , it is very sturdy and super cute .
i 'm planning to use other cake batter too .
a second convenient bedside charger would be nice .
i bought this waffle maker a few years ago .
anyway , this case fits the voyager pro perfectly .
the problem was corrected and solved the issue .
i know all the steps , tricks and techniques .
i was n't aware it only held niger seed .
voila ! the whole cup fills up with foam .
my dog still exhibited anxiety with this product .
these are not the docs i normally wear .
this knife helped me to make it go well .
the store i was at knew its business .
it might depend on what i wanted to carry .
i was also very unimpressed with the scenario editor .
the shading and textures of the weapons look terrible .
none of them is particularly interested in these springs .
anything for extra battery life for all my apps .
it took 4-6 weeks for them to go away .
you can see my review on the yogurt maker .
i bought three of these pans here on amazon .
the mug has a modern shape to it .
i liked it so well i bought another one .
i 'd say reliability leaves something to be desired .
so out-of-the-box to first race is about 30 minutes .
she enjoys wine and only had an old opener .
the lock sticks and is difficult to undo .
i have had this grinder for about 6 weeks .
but beauty is in yhe eye of the beholder .
this item was not at all what i expected .
stay away from this it is cheaply made garbage .
then i remembered why i put it the basement .
i can not iron without it now anymore .
easy to operate and move with the attached handle .
i have all the clear and black models .
even his attack and flying patterns are similar .
not much you can say about measuring cups .
overall , these glass storage containers are very good .
i was disappointed though once i actually used it .
the glasses do everything they say they would do .
works fine for me , oscillates without a problem .
we usually have what many would call a drizzle .
you are not getting a flimsy bamboo block .
i 'm still looking for a desent headset now .
now just need to get used to it .
not nearly as bright yellow as the short-sleeve version .
i bought two of these and i love them .
even my husband uses the timer all the time .
but , i bought this for scraping up vegies .
i got this to steam bread pudding , etc .
it is shiny and i like the design .
they drove me nuts and i gave them away .
that messes up the cutting of the french fries .
for us to get our food medium or med .
i bought this for my granddaughter who is 4 .
this is attached to an older starplus sts phone .
i bought it not for softening my saddle .
the lid never fits well into the slot .
the picture quality at the beginning was outstanding .
do not use without at least consulting your doctor .
it wasnt the easiest thing to hook up either.2 .
easy buying experience great company to purchase items from .
i tried hooking it up to my denon amp .
the battery life is better than my last headset .
definitely would recommend this item to my friends .
it is quiet and does the job efficiently .
apple ipod connectors will fit with the wrap on .
at least they understand what customer customer service ! .
it didnt take long to charge the battery .
again amazon fails to tell everything in detail .
it 's as if they had a different product .
i have had instant products that taste much better .
trashed it and love the regular clear screen protectors .
hopefully it will in fact charge an iphone 5 .
careful of the little round pin hole maker .
it does a great job flatting out the meat .
i love spinach and my husband dislikes it .
what a disappointment this one turned out to be .
one of the ear plugs did not work .
i finally had to drag out the combat gel .
if they were , not she would tell me .
the era adds another processor and an acceloramater .
not as cool as i thought it wud look .
i try using only one or the other .
it never happened again once i realized this .
i found this product to be a major disappointment .
the sound was good.i wished it would of worked .
the flashlight is very bright and very handy .
i bought these for my son for christmas .
got ta say that i normally trust amazon reviews .
i wanted to find her something that would last .
it also took over a month to arrive .
the ceramic warmers sit solidly on the wire rack .
it is efficient and so very easy to clean .
came quick & looks to be a quality item .
keeping it charged is always a constant challenge .
you 'll always be able to see the level .
we returned that machine in a matter of days .
it sits perfectly flat on my glass stove top .
they arrived about a week before expected date .
it sounds ok but the cord doesnt last long .
ca n't say enough positive things about this charger .
being leather the case does stretch out a bit .
fits snug and protects all edges of glass front .
mistakenly i thought these were human grade organic .
this is a defective fountain and is being returned .
this is the fourth skinomi product i have purchased .
i am still looking for the perfect spatula ! .
no issues at all with this battery order .
i can definitely recommend this set-up to anyone .
replaced it and thought i would be smart .
the handle is made of weak plastic crap .
i am so glad to throw it away .
with every other set you face a dilemma .
and is too old for them to replace .
the surface was scratched up within 2 days .
we bought tjis as an extra charger for work .
will spend more money for a better set ! .
but these are great , and far less expensive .
wish i read the reviews here more completely .
i did find some bad reviews about 6600 .
works really well and gets the dirt out .
this is a toaster that does everything i need .
not a crisp clear sound like they claim .
it has a spicy midly sweet scent to it .
i recently purchased this hoping it would be good .
the mouse is has the biggest problem with distance .
then both of them go into the dishwasher .
it is very easy to restart your clik-disks .
dealing with this seller was so smooth and fast .
easy to season right on your stove top .
not the most polished looking , but very functional .
if your looking for cheap , look no further .
do not waste your money on this hair color .
they far exceeded my expectations in this field .
seem to be very good quality- keeps knives safe .
this product is exactly what i expected of it .
this cooker is great for a big family get-together .
you also only get one pre screen cleaner .
it does not add much bulk to the phone .
we both have brand new verizon iphone 4s phones .
it is commercial quality for an affordable price .
these also took a very long time arriving .
kinda defeated the purpose of this product for me .
they said that the game is a little boring .
great product to have in the kitchen for cooking .
i fixed that by buying two of these .
i love this size of a measuring cup .
i eat it while i am juicing the foods .
this particular one is a real let down .
so far this paper towel holder has worked great .
very sharp blades and incredibly easy to use .
i think the metal frame is the weak link .
boil water until timer darkens to your specific needs .
the lid is nice and does not leak .
the button placement on the case is spot-on .
it was cute and the lights worked well .
this is a great dinnerware set for everyday use .
this item is so easy to set-up and use .
i am very happy with my oster steamer .
will be buying more attachments as i get better .
my upstairs and down stairs is hardwood flooring .
the hingers are fragile and the spring-loading is weak .
i almost threw up on my second sip .
turn up the oven heat to 325 degress f .
its small , discrete and stays in your ear .
i am tired of fooling around with it .
talk about feeling the pain of the economy .
it almost takes 4 hands to use it .
this opener is almost easier than an electric .
i am a celiac with multiple food allergies .
it works great and i have had no issues .
now he has great reception in his house too .
then i tried tazo chai -- -- very average .
a new blade for this machine is expensive .
these belts will ensure we can keep using it .
i use it primarily to listen to recorded books .
the size is perfect for cooking a large chicken .
this is the perfect skillet to make manicotti creapes .
better for adults who love to describe things .
such a great price for a great product .
we use this to serve ice water at meals .
is there a way to give zero stars ? .
size for 4 eggs or a two person breakfast .
it did what it was supposed to do .
i do n't use my keurig any more now .
do not buy unless you get two batteries .
this juice press was purchased as a gift .
i have found it to be noisy and pinchy .
purchase me another pair for going to the gym .
alpha hydrox might as well close it 's doors .
the bike attachment piece is cheap soft plastic .
the sound quality was clear as day and night .
i wish i could have been one of them .
absolutely the worst screen protector i have ever used .
i bought this for some members of my family .
so much better and easier to work with .
the quality is good and the colors are true .
it pulled on my shoulders and caused immediate pain .
this item is a must for artisan pizza lovers .
to me it 's not worth sending it back .
not good for minorities or people with smaller heads .
but well worth it for humidifying the air .
one developed pitted marks after the first use .
easy and gentle on my chronic hand injury .
i have no qualms recommending this excellent product .
i had to buy one out on the road .
my kid flailing wildly threw more strikes than anyone .
this case works great and its not very bulky .
bought this to replace the battery in my phone .
this product is well made and a simple design .
the arm pit area is too high up .
they take up room in then gadget drawer .
it is also a great size for making cornbread .
the air quality indicator is a very nice feature .
the cable i received is not a belkin cable .
it is not as pictured despite a few coats .
probably not made for the real heavy duty stuff .
it 's july 2004 and it no longer works .
it made me quite bloated after eating it .
i put my olive oil in pump and spray .
she loves it and enjoys having fresh nutmeg .
the scarves glide on and off with ease .
quality seems to be the uck of the draw .
it even keeps my ears warm when i run .
my coloring is pale/pink and my skin is sensitive .
this much zinc alone can cause a copper deficiency .
i only play it for about two minutes .
admittedly , they do make the water taste better .
could not ever get it to set right .
this is really a great tool for baking .
my kid bought it for me for my birthday .
and now the desk cradle stopped charging batteries .
the flash takes almost a minute to charge sometimes .
i just use it for my work commutes .
my daughter pinched her finger on the case .
this seat cover does not fit at all .
but it is a very , very good slicer .
i loved them other then they crack really easy .
i would n't want it to be crazy heavy .
my title is my way of being kind .
the whole pot makes maybe 6 ounces , really .
the packing was excellent as was the delivery time .
coffee flavor is very clean and well extracted .
my hair is very fine and stick straight .
i think these will end up in the trash .
we got two one in blue and green .
i got it along with the kitchenaid ksm500pser pro .
wanted one off these for years got one .
put card in my camera and clicked an image .
simply put , it did nothing discernable for me .
magnetic flap is very secure but opens easily .
a few dogs they did not even phase .
i have had my dinc for 4 months now .
for the price of this i expected more .
the unit will turn itself off automatically after that .
remove lid and pour and coffee spills all over .
so , just be advised of this when ordering .
yes , you have to properly season this wok .
i was very worried but most everything went well .
i like the curve of the swivel peeler .
they would probably hold pair of knee high nylongs .
it is light weight and easy to store .
i guess you get what you pay for .
the only thing questionable about it is the strength .
i thought i was getting a different product .
one caution : all microplane graters are very sharp .
you can go all over the place with it .
i am so glad to have found these caps .
very pretty , but a total waste of money .
i wanted so much to like the tea .
could not get a good focus on higher magnification .
i do not ever season the black satin .
she ran the game and we had similar results .
i flip eggs with ease and no broken yolks .
fit well and was not uncomfortable like few others .
paring is not an issue with wired devices .
after reading many reviews , i chose this one .
love the three size set in different colors .
a good example is my u900 samsung flip-shot phone .
i use it with my samsung galaxy s epic .
and it is as good as movie theater popcorn .
it was bought for my grandson for christmas .
because of the added thickness of the material .
i think i will try skindinavia next time .
this was worth every penny of what i paid .
i also like using it to mix pancake batter .
good cheap car charger that looks good as well .
to me this is not an invonvenience.lcd digital clock .
each one is numbered so there is no confusion .
has a nice weight and cuts with little crumb .
not worth the plastic it 's made out of .
my kitchen aid came with a silver hook .
heats up fast and cooks fast and even .
my daugther received this for her 1st birthday .
german shepherd destroyed it in half an hour .
since getting this it 's no longer an issue .
the first day the battery lasted about 8 hours .
the famous brand lasts me at least 4 weeks .
i placed my crossbow inside and strapped it down .
i have yet to try bf1942 at the lan.overall .
the holder does n't feel real durable to me .
do n't know how i got by without it .
maybe over time it will become more pliable .
thinking of buying some for my ipads also .
i realize they can be damaged by heat .
could get phone to turn on and charge battery .
great for bringing life back to dull knives .
i decided to take a chance and buy one .
i would order it again as a gift .
im not using this for my ski trip .
no substitute for a sharp high quality paring knife .
i placed the collar securely on my dog .
my 92lb doberman destroyed this in under 15 minutes .
the product was much larger and more cumbersome .
this one is a good size for my recipes .
they are still sprouting well and are delicious .
i 'm a fan of retin a & vit .
keep it seasoned and it will last a lifetime .
fits my htc rezound perfectly and protects from scratches .
the feel is very nice and minimal size .
i absolutely love this oil dispenser and measuring device .
the ear hooks were both comfortable and reliable .
but really my bacon consumption has increased 10 fold .
then i put it into the jerky press .
i have been using it for 6 months .
the volume control alone make them a steal .
personally i think the issue is widely overblown .
the sound is not that great for me .
so i understand their pain with this knife .
best example is the password for the online interface .
super fast shipping ! got it in two days .
the jabra is very light and easy to operate .
this was a little slippery and hard to handle .
you leave the probe in and forget it .
still just wipes clean with a damp sponge .
the handle is the selling point to me .
combining these two is smart and a great combination .
high iron levels can lead to deadly bacterial infections .
this is great to make hot lunches and snacks .
the world is huge , but devoid of life .
for the price , this knife does the job .
i 'm a pro-cheapo and i hated this thing .
instructions that came with it are not very helpful .
i purchased this based on rave reviews from others .
this stuff is going into the dog slop .
perhaps a physical store that backs their products .
they are very durable and easy to open .
i will report back on that over time .
i love that it is all ceramic and non-toxic .
on one hand , these are cheap little routers .
these could easily become splinters in their little fingers .
seemed extremely dangerous so i disposed of it .
but when it arrived it was sooooo large .
this spray does not seem to do anything .
despite not being perfect , i thoroughly recommend it .
i believe the price is usually around $ 39.99 .
it is not as heavy as i would like .
these earphones do weird things at 4khz and above .
the voltage output is purported to be 5.1 volts .
except when i peeled the second later off .
these slippers are definitely not worth the price .
the note just about fits nicely in this mount .
it says reall chicken but it is not .
there are plenty of better games out there.junk ! .
they are fabric , and they are pretty thin .
this is the worst tasting vegan shake ever .
my iphone i only use to receive calls .
the quality and color definitely met with my approval .
i have verified it too on voicemails i leave .
i can only commet on the coffee maker itself .
the only plus this fan has is the remote .
i just wish you could play music via bluetooth .
well it does cook fast and it is tasty .
it wo n't work from side or behind aether .
the cover stays put with just enough snuggness .
i was n't thrilled with this product at all .
probably all we could afford at the time .
silent hill in space and just about as annoying .
the quality of these beds are not good .
excuse me , it is not a flat surface .
and the lift off makes stairs a brease .
nice for reaching in the over to adjust foods .
at first was very disappointed with the sound .
gateway should immediately recall this product from the market .
it makes the iphone so much bigger and heavier .
they are protective and easy accessible for charging .
it is not for mixed or black hair ! .
but it is proving to me a good investment .
the reviews helped me decide to make this purchase .
they had a difficult time putting them on .
the on/off knob stopped working after about 8 months .
i 'm sure the kid would love these combos .
this heats up water fast and stays clean .
bought as goldbox deal and am very satisfied .
that means i go through a lot go them .
spend $ 3 more and get the remington pg-165 .
it will be easy to break this thing .
i do enjoy using the dana for writing .
this puppy is going back to the store .
the manufacturer says to use 3 - 5 ozs .
maybe my knee is just too far gone .
invest in thorlo socks far better quality and comfort .
i guess seeing made in italy says alot .
i bought multiple just in case i lost one .
definitely no one over 120 pounds sat on this .
will just get the squeaker ball next time .
i bought it with a knife of zwilling j .
i got this as a closeout for $ 9.99 .
the unit is very solidly built and rugged .
all of the cans came beat up and dented .
this is a nice little wall switch timer .
you ca n't beat the value for the price .
baking soda is pretty cheap no matter the brand .
it 's easy to clean and easy to hold .
the unit came charged and ready to go .
but this problem is not unique to these headphones .
i would recommend this case to my friends .
another weak spot was the lack of ammunition .
thats why i shop a lot on amazon .
with this microplane it is no sweat at all .
i have taken this product for over a year .
just a bit short of 5 starts in value .
it steams the milk just fine that way .
this was just too big for what i wanted .
nice tight seal and in a very roomy vessel .
you will be so glad you purchased this .
i wanted these because they benefit rain forests .
we received the ftx23 12-cup programmable coffeemaker for christmas .
i 'm totally happy with the product and price .
it is very noisy as it goes around .
other games have been doing this for years now .
it was a gift , so i contacted plasmart .
i love having items just lift right off .
i received the ball in a timely manner .
item arrived quickly and was perfect for my phone .
and that 's the only real downside to them .
they also wash well by hand or dishwasher .
the booklet that comes with it is very helpful .
i 'm disabled and all 3 of my casio .
what more can you say about a scrubber ? .
bottom line , this is an elegant leather case .
clearly did not want a battery powered piece .
the one i recieved is really poor quality .
i did not wear them on the return flight .
i paid almost 7.00 for this piece of junk .
this is a great beer brewing beginners kit .
we picked tag up recently to replace this one .
we needed to replace our old 4-cup farberware percolator .
it looks horrible and hurts like the dickens .
but as i said this are not major issues .
easy to clean up after enjoying a good dinner .
comfortable to use and very easy to clean .
all three of mine developed leaks within a year .
these glasses are huge & nearly blackout glasses .
to my surprise it has great call quality .
i washed it and forgot to dry it .
the gameplay sucks so bad you wouldnt believe it .
she says this one has a better sound .
it does n't move when you are using it .
thus being a complete waste of a purchase .
too bad this one was such a flop .
i did 2 protease/2 syntol at midnight before bed .
i have tried an times but no luck .
i would not feel comfortable cutting meat on them .
peace of mind.i used a few external chargers before .
for larger quantities , use the kitchenaid mixer attachments .
this product only works if you glob it on .
would be great on gas or coil type range .
here 's a creepy little elf and a book .
i will never buy from this company again .
i bought this beacuse it 's my favorite color .
and it does , with respect to these bowls .
then it started to warm less and less .
on a hp tablet , it was really tight .
i would go that route if you can .
to me , it tasted like warm black licorice .
the scoop works well and just as expected .
but it does n't seem to affect the results .
i went back to buy the australian lemon soap .
then it made a real bitter cup of joe .
i need to have these two plates replaced .
that worried me , so i sent it back .
i keep one by my desk for work calls .
after two weeks this would n't hold a charge .
i recently got the trudeau press and love it .
i am shipping this piece of garbage back today .
i do n't recommend this for the ruger lcp .
any suggestions on what cereal to try next ? .
this is a good beginner set for the price .
it has so many bad reviews , unreasonably so .
3.there are deep knife markings on the bottom already .
i use these bluetooth wireless headphones all the time .
i wish websites like llbean had night vision .
otherwise there is nothing functionally wrong with the curler .
the wide top reduces and concentrates flavors amazingly fast .
everyone in my home uses them and loves them .
at first the protective case fit my phone .
and she likes 'healthy ' snacks for her kids .
could not ask for anything to work better .
it came broken-a in broken in half broken .
i bought the sennheiser hd 202 as a replacement .
the dvd tray did not and would not open .
this particular pan is the one i use most .
really a great little blender for the price .
i 've had it for about 3 months now .
but he wasnt going down without a fight .
i bought this and blindly followed the temperature indicated .
the socks fit is normal to the size .
i figured i 'd chance it and order them .
it will out last you with minimal care .
i have not found that to be so .
the glass door is very attractive with shelves inside .
the blueant z9 is everything it claims to be .
i thought it would n't hold the phone properly .
the bad at bottom is also slightly itchy/uncomfortable .
spend the extra money and purchase the kitchenaid .
then it will just sit and collect dust somewhere .
use it often ! its super for whisking sauces .
this is a great french press coffee maker .
try them and see if you like them ! .
if i could give it zero stars i would .
the blender was brand new in every detectable way .
i figure i just wasted $ 10.00 in grass .
they gladly sent us a different model altogether .
my cat does not like it at all .
good for a night out , not for travel .
i have the samsung galaxy s3 also with sprint .
i played the first one and hated it .
and it was a perfect size for me .
i would rather get a girlie mag for excitement .
otherwise , there is no brand marking on it .
this may be the nature of the fm signal .
30/30 ammo at 50 yds damaged the paddles badly .
good to have these building pieces to work with .
this is the first calphalon pan i have purchased .
the fingerprints are the biggest issue for me .
enfamil infant is characterized by choline and dha .
have had it a few months and no problems .
here i sit staring at the now-dead pstwo .
three things caused me to return these earrings .
then he let roomba run around the place .
i have always used a fine ground or pods .
with the nordic ware 60120 that mess is gone .
this is due to poor design , not size .
bad enough to not be worth a rent too .
easy to do salmon steaks up on as well .
i counted the reload time of this thing .
it also comes with a medium dome cover .
these look really nice on my white stove .
i bought this and started throwing my phone around .
why this is true-i do n't think they know .
food will stick if you run it too hot .
i did not want to buy glucosamine chondroitin .
with it being so soft it is fairly stretchy .
the case is a perfect fit on the phone .
proximity sensor appears to work fine.there are 2 drawbacks:1 .
i 've made velveeta queso dip in mine too .
this was the first touch screen phone i purchased .
i can grind coffee beans to fine result .
works fine as a basic set of earphones .
the bottle i got was less than 2/3 full .
if you do buy this do small test areas .
so i was in a pretty deep routine .
this knife cuts smoothly and is easy to use .
save your money and buy a better game .
i think it will be easy to keep clean .
i tried the different powers and object lying around .
this case works perfectly with my zune 120 .
reception poor with a lot of fm band overlapping .
definitely no thickening effect that i can see .
methylisothiazolinone is a known severe irritant and allergen .
the sb5120 performs much better with much lower latency .
i used the proper clip for the size .
sadly , this did nothing for my heel pain .
it worked fine with me for about an hour .
overall these seem to be of good quality .
stick with the two-heades newer units by homedics .
this is by far one of my favorite appliances .
i tried two tubes with little to no results .
they were easy to use and work well .
unfortunately all the negative reviews on here are correct .
i also noticed that this one shakes a lot .
the extra handle on the opposite side is great .
it is not very good on call overseas .
i hate this cause this came messed up .
have n't had an opportunity to use them yet .
i love vacuum sealer bags , and these especially .
fast too and i like the waterproof feature .
as for replay value in single player mode .
these bowls are really nice for the price .
i do n't mind the original item arriving defective .
you can not just let it inflate by itself .
i really do n't like this one at all .
this is n't the fastest coffee maker out there .
this game is just race and get new cars .
in my case that was under half a day .
we took this back the very next day .
i actually thought the light might be broken .
i do n't want a big old wooden block .
i wanted headphones to use with my guitar amp .
also the formula was too drying and waxy feeling .
this is the main complaint that i have .
the problem with it is the tuning dial .
first time used the handle just melted off .
this camera fits in the palm of my hand .
this case protected my phone for 2 years .
the tools were a waste of money and time .
unfortunately he now has 24 blades to use .
the blueant z9 is extremely lightweight and small .
but this camera continued to be a problem .
this was advertised and pictured as black walnut .
not worth the return shipping cost for a refund .
that could be fixed with a few stitches .
very sturdy , and an all around great product .
the difference was it cost soo frickin much .
everything is as it should be so far .
i bought this radio about a year ago .
random times , the aiming just would not work .
you can choose to test yourself or practice .
i have great reception for regular radio stations .
we will be purchasing another crate for him .
replacement came and it was doing the same thing .
it cleaned up sooooo easily and absolutely beautifully .
it had to be dug out of the lighter .
only downside is that the outside becomes very hot .
my first bread machine and i am very happy .
does not make my hair look healthy or soft .
i had to stop using the product immediately .
i would purchase more because the price is nice .
the first one lasted only 6 months and died .
this game is my perfect justification in that respect .
i have not had any problems with this cord .
feel safer in case of break ins too .
but did the job just like the original .
either way it detracts from the fun to me .
the wire broke within a couple weeks of use .
the storage stand is cleverly designed and unobtrusive .
you can even use it on the outdoor grill .
you 'll here men screaming as their skin burns .
i called the company , but they were closed .
maybe should 've given it more time and practice .
even the more dilute angel eyes tastes really bad .
but after 2 days it put me to sleep .
i bought this to use in a candy buffet .
i wish the alert beeped a bit louder .
the taste is chemical , not chocolate-flavored at all .
they are light , compact and offer great sound .
the problem is with the grip and spring mechanism .
mind you , you do need some beastly force .
the cardock screen has six windows for apps .
i bought it but not able to use it .
just 2 of us so we use it alot .
it is a small size and is very portable .
i also love that it is so quiet .
i have become pretty good at putting them on .
i will be ordering a 2mm one soon .
i thought i was buying a hitachi wand .
and we are talking a big difference here .
i used it for cooking soups and greens .
the dots actually rub off after a while .
i use this at work to charge my ipod .
i wish that i had a longer torso .
i got one before and it was great .
my hair feels the same after using this .
i would not buy from this vendor again .
it is easy to put on and take off .
i would say two-three weeks for a daily user .
it 's not a good as the sheer volume .
the plastic which makes up this thing is embarrassed .
i was disappointed in the flavor of this product .
it paired up with the phone very easily .
and the leather wrap to the ball is bumpy .
it just does n't seem to work for me .
the blue light is bright but not distractiing .
i will not buy a copy because : 1 .
i get this brand for all my coffee pots .
i wanted to return but i was too late .
it does not rest easily on the head .
the low temps do n't seem to do anything .
i do n't find the pins difficult to use .
i would not recommend this on glass top stoves.barbara .
being newly married , money is a little tight .
they are fit and good for broiling or grill .
after all it has an 8.2 amp motor .
they are just the right size for our counter .
my grandmother always swore by her cast iron .
they will stop trying before they even begin .
sometimes i try to muffle it with a handtowel .
the resin is sticky & gloppy - and toxic .
lids for the saucepans and stockpot are included .
this is impossible even just by imagining it .
this phone has no problem with most full websites .
lo he usado muchas veces con buenos resultados .
keep a supply of foodsaver bags on hand .
i do n't plan on buying another mio again .
this is a ntsc system it plays american games .
to finally have sharp nice knives feels good .
works with my samsung galaxy nexus and canon 60d .
so it was not as comfortable for me .
i think they made lots of improvement already .
these are very functional and they are attractive .
this is the worst wrestling game to date .
it could easily have gone off by mistake .
purchased this for my 15 year old son .
i prefer emptying it out into a wooden bowl .
this case is working out very well for me .
i am the only coffee drinker in my house .
the creation of various racing series is very good .
please do your research before you buy this product .
seems like a small thing but it gets annoying .
i wear a 36dd and weigh 160 lbs .
i figured the speaker was defective and returned it .
now it holds a charge for 3-5 days .
better than a lot of my other covers .
even comes with a clip for my ipod .
check the nutrition info on the package closely .
i am thrilled with the quality of this set .
i am very handy with a wooden spoon .
this pitcher is tiny and is so cute .
but it 's not even as good as mario .
true to size and color as listed and shown .
takes a lot of flour on the inside .
there are better gluten free alternatives out there .
get the concentrators and enjoy every piece of corn .
they do n't last long before they come apart .
im just going to try the flat cords instead .
you have to slice them up in small sections .
ours went in the garbage after two frusterating months .
if you want good accuracy go with a pellet .
it is simple and quick and easy to clean .
this product is as advertised and works very well .
i just ca n't rave enough about these machines .
i bought 6 of these pads for my cattery .
the construction was very poor of this costume .
they need to update this error big time .
farmers get a government subsidy for growing it .
in my opinion , too expensive for the results .
i read in another review they recommend this cover .
it 's flimsy and gets really tangled really easy .
the pump only holds a small amount of pressure .
i now have to work through customer service .
i think they changed the recipe on this .
there are some scary moments in the game .
they do not fit on my jabra era .
so i tried using the braun 's food chopper .
i wo n't be able to choke these down .
this is so much more powerful than the holmes .
in respect to what others have said about static .
they are shorter and lighter than should be .
we began using the steam cleaner at about 9pm .
the noise of the grinder sounds like any grinder .
no more stains on my books from cooking .
primarily on the inside of the bowl itself .
i fits the cuisinart sauce pans size 2/3/4 quarts .
the quality of this pouch is overall pretty good .
instead the coffee drips into a stainless steel pot .
keeps the crust crispy and keeps the oven clean .
both were close in temp so pretty accurate .
i hear hiss while having a phone conversation .
a nice feature is the warming tray on top .
it has one engine and that is it .
have always wanted to try a french press .
also love how much i save on popcorn now .
they fit perfect , and were exactly as described .
it grinds coffee very finely within 10-30 seconds .
about twice as fast as using a wall charger .
if your budget is limited , buy a point-and-shoot .
they seem a little bit flimsy but work well .
recommend you look elsewhere for your emergency supplies .
the price is cheaper than the department store charge .
as other reviewers mentioned there are no inner seams .
this nail polish is not a good product .
the sound quality is good and range is great .
i think i will get many years of use .
these pens are very hollow and bend easily .
this 2in1 stylus + pen for the sammy gal .
my magazine is for a eaa witness match 9mm .
this should really be listed as a large armband .
i will update this as time goes on .
poor quality pressed wood magnets smell of formaldehyde.2 .
i like that this product is so quiet .
no one in my family wants to use this .
cooking habits & desires change with time & circumstances .
maybe its me , but i dont get it .
this one was nice and loud and crisp .
no one does contacts and calendar better than palm .
i like the premise and the measuring method .
bought it because i use prepaid phone service .
this is the best all-around thermometer i 've used .
for example , the lid does not fit well .
once charged , it does not last as long.3 .
i do n't want to argue with iphone peeps .
only downfall is that they die without warning .
this juicer does everything i want it to do .
cured my fissure in less than 2 weeks .
konriko contains no msg and has regular salt .
i would buy this pan again in a heartbeat .
so let me share with you cooks illustrated review .
sadly , i noticed minimal difference in the stain .
he was the envy of all his friends .
i will still season this pan after every use .
as they want you to co e back ! .
brown kitty woke up later and had some kibble .
i have had no problems with it so far .
originally i bought it because i had cramps issue .
no cracks , chips or anything else but stone .
these are thin and started shredding right away .
i 'll take my chances with legends of wrestling .
the folks who i bought these for love it .
it would have been great if they swiveled .
however , for that they only lose 1 star .
this audio cable is great for in the car .
these are to big for my big head .
works well above what i ever thought it could .
other than that i love having these stoppers around .
the problem is that they are complete junk .
i used to use foil to wrap edges .
my only complaint is that it does leak .
its does not abborb the water as announced .
i 've pretty much baked everything on it now .
i have had this now for 3 years .
i was surprised how easy it was to use .
this is a high-quality , highly useable spice rack .
i was impressed and it was so pretty .
it works great when i do use it .
the front gets warm but the sides do not .
i am using metal shower hooks at each point .
i would guess them to be more like 6x .
the product promises a lot but delivers very little .
it seems easier to use and of higher quality .
it 's all been relegated to the clearance corner .
after this , i may never try another brand .
good price for a pretty big cutting board .
just an oddity that might be troubling for some .
these run a bit small and are fairly short .
the only complaint is the size of the machine .
they look more like dress pants than cargo pants .
deers are the worse pest in new england .
it simply does not cut it at this price .
i totally regretted not getting it for myself earlier .
super simple design that is really easy to use .
so , my opinion is that palm is crap .
i really enjoy using this for my phone .
this is like sekling a tire without a wheel .
it worked great and was easy to apply .
and the standing rib roast is done perfectly .
once again , a real winner of a grinder .
i just use it now for a car charger .
it was too many steps for her to handle .
i use these primarily for listening to audio books .
there is n't much tactile feedback from the button .
i may buy another set for myself to use .
there are plastic adapters to accomodate different shapes .
you simply use your phone or tablets usb charger .
surprising how much dust is removed from your sanding .
but honestly why should you have to do that .
i do not like the blue on the unit .
i recently bought a new handheld spiral cutter .
they just sit in an office holding drinking water .
bought this recently to go with my dehydrator .
locking handles have a solid secure feel to them.7 .
this is the perfect addition to my canning supplies .
i mostly make fruit + vegetable + ice smoothies .
so i ignored the reviews and purchased anyway .
some of my pieces are over 60 years old .
the game play sucks ! the graphics are okay .
my grandson loves it so we keep it .
very hard to find in stores at this length .
i eventually got the bluewave bottle open with pliers .
they miss almost every time you launch them .
the clif bar to me does n't taste good .
this butter dish fits a stick of butter perfectly .
the ultimate press dip stand arrived one day late .
wish it came with a pouch or case .
i feel secure that my mixer is now covered .
do n't learn the hard way like i did .
however , they do re-stick easily after peeling up .
i can talk several hours without battery drain .
it 's too difficult for her to drink from .
my twins were napping and never made a sound .
this herb promotes relaxation and helps support restful sleep .
this was in a smaller metro area , population-wise .
you can cook at 8 psig or 15 psig .
but be warned , i am a stubborn man .
it is possible someone will send you fresh batteries .
i 'm waiting for a powerful hand held steamer .
toys are supposed to be be fun not frustrating .
i also paid lot less , just 2 bucks .
the magnets work much better than i expected .
i have changed nothing except for buying this dryer .
it heats up to 1 liter of water .
nice to have a case to keep them in .
i make a low fat grilled cheese with pam .
i bought it because i thought it looked pretty .
these bowl are just what i needed and expected .
have never seen an ant go anywhere near them .
next time i turned it on , nothing happens .
it took me about fifteen minuets to assemble .
this really find nothing but dry out my skin .
i bought several because they were so inexpensive .
other than that this appliance functions well as intended .
now i use the cream for my monthly applications .
do n't listen to the comments of the others .
i still like my elago iphone cases better .
it lasted 2 years and was an excellent case .
not to mention if i take an edge of .
they work wonderfully for baking cookies and muffins .
you can lead your troops during a battle .
ea makes the same crap over and over .
i was delightfully surprised by how well this works .
and store bought fresh is just plain gross .
i would stick with leap frog fr sure .
this is sitting in a drawer right now .
the earplug type earpiece also provides vastly improved volume .
impossible to work with and mold to your teeth .
there is simply to much give in them .
i have had sooooo much fun with these .
finally , i sent the player back to rca .
maybe the more expensive cat laser toy is better .
i bought this gloss and love the color .
these fit my blender and it works well now .
a screwdriver could easily get this mechanism open .
while these bad boys broke it in one take .
this sweater is much thinner then i expected .
charges iphone maybe faster than he wall charger .
i 'll be ordering a bunch as christmas gifts .
scope is large and heavy for a 22 rifle .
i bought 3 of these pirate chests for presents .
got it much cheaper than the catalog here .
it works great ! a word of warning though .
all is all i was disappointed with this product .
it does n't matter what screen protector you buy .
only then will steam be forced out the sides .
so i can only speak to the whirley-pop .
you can really tell the difference from the stock .
but instead of a nice pot of coffee .
can do much better with plain cotton puffs .
anyways , the game could of gotten things right .
rest assured , i have placed my last order .
i was 4 days over the return policy .
it picks up more than what you would expect .
it is hard to get on and off .
the range is shorter then that of the 425s .
the graphics are questionable and the storyline is aimless .
i started having eye infections soon after using it .
that word explains this game to a t .
this is like the mcdonald 's of almond butter .
i would n't spend any penny on this item .
mixer was able to run on one speed only .
fantastic call quality and much more solid so far .
seventh generation is n't a good match for me .
this is the perfect size spatula for me .
i wish i could rate this a 0 .
my dog is a chewer and loves squeaky toys .
i really like the design of these bottles .
works great , and much better than paper filter .
perfect size for my zesting and cheese grating needs .
instead you have to pack them around with you .
has worked very well for our basement shower .
i barely felt any pressure on my wrists .
i like the weight and i like the durability .
we got a free pasta noodle maker with it .
all in all this case is worth the money .
i did n't see where it did much good .
good little shelves but much smaller than expected .
the ring that you use to focus them broke .
buy a better game for 1/5 the price .
i have to mix my own makeup pale .
if you want a vacuum , buy a vacuum .
ca n't say enough good things about this steamer .
blad came unsharpened and will not hold an edge .
jars filled with chile powder w/o too many mistakes .
my iphone never lasted more than 5-6 hours .
all in all , this is a great appliance .
selecting random programming can only be done by remote .
did not make one iota difference for me .
they really help keep your screen from getting scratched .
i will keep trying for a couple more days .
this review does absolutely nothing to help the hair .
i have no complaints about this measuring cup .
this is a very nice , heavyweight measuring cup .
i used one to power my sandisk sansa e280 .
it was a no brainer to order another .
`` very fast shipment and great iphone battery case .
they look nice but are much too flimsy .
i love to listen to am kfi640 while driving .
kept 17 of them off until jan 2013 .
right out of the box it was defective .
it has taken a beating and keep on ticking .
the little bastard constantly times out every day .
i desperately wanted a good organic vanilla flavor .
i will be ordering the salad plates as well .
the come in all shapes and sizes and colors .
i was very excited with this game at first .
comes with alittle tool to take it off also .
this game lacked everything a action game needs .
haven t found any mixes that are good .
so far we 've been very happy with it .
it has a wonderful feature that you can access .
application was for a 2012 keystone cougar 327res .
i ca n't remember why i wanted this phone .
just love making one cup of stove top espresso .
i used this for the first time last weekend .
i got half well tips and they suck .
this is our 2nd cuisinart ice cream maker .
i think this helps the flavor of the coffee .
the earpads are hard to adjust to your ears .
it has made hundreds of cups of coffee .
it also holds my girlfriends blackberry curve nicely .
but other reviews have gone into that extensively .
i only wish i had gotten one sooner ! .
works perfectly every time on every vegetable-hard or soft .
the sizes are practical sizes for everyday life .
i hope it stands up to repeated used .
i recommend you do n't even try this thing .
i have to open the lid to check .
this is a simple intuitive phone to use .
to some this is the best knife ever .
this is way too small for drying anything .
i do not recommend buying from this company .
i drink coffee everyday and this was not cool .
it looks lovely in my craftsman style home .
there were a handful with a minimal signal .
i kept this headset over the jabra extreme 2 .
i did not even dear to bike in it .
i bought this to use in my husbands workshop .
unfortunately , these never showed me a +ve result .
i feel it does not leak any heat .
that kept me trying for a long time .
i bought this item for use with my tivo .
this was so inexpensive for the quality and size .
next , this mascara flakes off throughout the day .
i was very unsatisfied with the whole experience .
i like the taller size of this can opener .
i have purchased like 10 from this seller .
the islands should have been closer together too .
suction cups stay put on my stainless sink .
the heat softens it so it can mold ) .
just make sure to empty any unpopped kernels afterwards .
my very food-motivated puppy gives these treats 3-stars .
edges do not interfere with using the touchscreen .
this dvd is really a hit or miss item .
beneful does not cause his stomach any problems .
also- they are super wide in the legs .
but once on u will be satisfied and proud .
hopefully most of them work as they should .
other than that , i like it just fine .
the us cup is defined to be 8 oz .
it came as expected and the packaging was great .
the cable was not lined up and involved adjusting .
the sound is just not perfect for me .
have had this spice rack for 4 weeks .
these are small , which is what i wanted .
i know earholes differ greatly from person to person .
a really special feeling using this very big trackball.note:1 .
the charger works on the standard and extended batteries .
i especially like them for walking the dog .
this is a great case for the mytouch 4g .
the sound is rich , deep and surprisingly balanced .
the assortment of knives will cover any situation .
i tried nutrafin cycle , and then tetra safestart .
survival mode is probably sonic riders ' strongest mode .
this battery is great and has a great price .
i even decided to push it to the limit .
sorry i purchased so much of this product .
think electrical short and blowing up expensive electronics .
at first this set really entertained our son .
this attachment made making tomato sauce a snap .
i definitely recommend it.1.olde thompson 10-inch imperial walnut peppermill .
this is my 2nd black & decker rechargable can-opener .
what i got was a very flimsy plastic .
my slices are even and the toppings stay put .
it holds my oxo steel scrubber and a sponge .
i still think they are a great deal .
he cuts the mounds with a plastic knife .
i bought recently the nespresso aeroccino automatic milk frother .
the size is perfect for covering larger dinner plates .
the more i walked , the less the pain .
never pass up these calphalon fryers and/or skillets .
and hers is still going strong as well .
i have owned many marsona white noise machines .
consequently , i needed to replace the current door .
i use it to make one pot dinners .
calphalon delivers both with their commercial nonstick line .
you can monitor the food via the see-thru lid .
received these figs from amazon and was horribly disappointed .
can complain about scooping it up that cheap .
overall this is a good performing milk frother .
charging a totally dead battery takes about 3 hours .
i would prefer it on the motor housing .
my phone is mounted perfectly for gps and pandora .
it is light weight so easy to transport .
it might be good if was a remote .
finally i can tell where my stuff is .
they work perfectly for that and are very cute .
this game is way to hard and repetitive .
i know you 're not supposed to do that .
i would never use a bagged vacuum again .
my husband loves to run his fingers through it .
i am using canning jars for almost everything .
the single rocker switch is slick and intuitive .
would would definitely recommend this to a friend .
just a peeler ? using this tool is eye-opening .
it slides in and out of your pocket easily .
this turned out way better than i expected .
the utensils are solid pieces of stainless steel .
honestly , i thought this mascara was pretty bad .
it also does not snug completely to the 30gb .
1 day things were good then my peas disappeared .
the clasps are thin -- not durable at all .
pushing it all the way in only produced hum .
this is everything i wanted it to be .
and i ordered a bt-446 sold by amazon itself .
also perfect gift for the bakers in your life .
this is a hyundai compared to a cadillac .
they are not weak or gentle with their toys .
a nicer lanyard can be purchased separately if required .
they all work great , and are quite durable .
it can also be cut down to fit .
i think the induction model makes better rice .
solid heavy cast iron not cheap foreign import .
so much easier than a rolling pin she says .
i end up using the microwave to melt butter .
i use 2 on the scale of 1-8 .
i like this fan and highly recommend it .
returned mine and ordered the larger one 10eg model .
i did return the one i ordered before .
and i just like the way it handles .
these are a good deal and very sturdy .
this charger is a diamond in the rough .
its floppy and has treads like a tire .
the interchangeable earbuds allows for a comfortable fit .
i changed the batteries and it remained the same .
these must be from an ornamental pepper plant .
two weeks later , the other handle broke off .
i actually did not even want it repaired .
got this case for my sons iphone 4s .
i make mcmuffins all the time at home now .
nothing like what i have already.i am returning it .
it smells chemical and is a waste of money .
slap my wrist for buying this game new .
i ordered sterile gauge with 50 in a box .
not sure how much drop protection this will provide .
a great product to have for my juicing activities .
it fits the camera very tightly like a glove .
i was n't too fond of the smell either .
followed the above recipe and it worked just fine .
when he asked for new shoes with more coverage .
i threw it away without using it successfully once .
i work nights and put coffee inside around 4:00pm .
perhaps the blaster is better as a preventative .
it will deliver up to 950ma of power .
maybe i 'm just used to better quality items .
this king arthur pancake mix really misses the mark .
did not know there was such a pan .
i am very disappointed with this product from sony .
although all the pieces do n't come out crispy .
and i have been enjoying good coffee since .
i bought this egg cooker for our motor home .
i took this item out of the box .
they could not easily fit through the hole .
furthermore , most smartphones have very weak external speakers .
this blender works great for my average blending needs .
they fit perfect and look great in the tray .
this is just right for my silver ware .
this product came quickly and just as desrcibed .
i bought this for frying or candy making .
i was excited about this game , at first .
the litter was all over my bathroom floor .
it fits in my 6 quart cooker perfectly .
i bought this as a gift for my hubby .
use exactly the ingredients as the manual suggested .
warm feet really do make a huge difference .
once unit has automatically shut off , remove lid/cover .
i recently bought sennheiser hd-497 for my slimx imp-350 .
it did not look great on my skin .
works well and it is easy to clean .
i 've ordered probably a couple dozen by now .
that may be my phone or my stereo though .
the directions suggests 5 cups of batter per pan .
google has an app called shopper or google shopper .
i am impressed with this economical tool by oxo .
the glasses are very heavy and are well made .
nice looking case with clean stitching well made .
i had an old can to compare them to .
i have pressure canned pint jars with ease .
ok , first this fits well in a drawer .
that probably explains why it 's rather boring tasting .
very high quality with a 93 biological value .
but now it really bothers me and looks ugly .
the quilted lining is thin and pretty minimal .
it worked really good for a long time .
it worked quite nicely the first time around .
my wife had to get them out for me .
it fits in my car 's cupholder quite well .
i guess you win some and lose some .
this has a powdery , blah taste to it .
most products from chicago metallic are very good .
the bowl is a great shape for tempering chocolate .
sorry ssscat the product stopped working after one week .
i finally found one that works good for me .
in my opinion it does not perform properly .
not as satisfied as i was with it initially .
with some headsets you get just an ac charger .
or maybe qcs there are all snow blinded ? .
do not buy any chinese item made with rubber .
it 's still enough to last through the day2 .
save your money and buy the cheap stuff .
i would recommend this to any ice cream enthusiasts .
however these particular vords are just really bad quality .
i like how they feel in my hand .
they leave a wonderful , even surface for icing .
glasses arrived with a scratch on the lens .
i mostly use it for making smoothies and pesto .
it is easy to put on and remove .
i love these unbleached filters for our chemex .
a little searing on the ridges , burnt fat .
at least 2 bluetooth device was still registered .
i bought this because of the good reviews .
not too heavy or clunky for my small hands .
this little dipper however is chock full of flaws .
this is an excellent set of measuring spoons .
lom is nothing more than an empty collectors item .
really easy to clean and easy to use ! .
need to get another one that wo n't rust .
i bought this to replace my cuisinart griddler .
the seller did not tell everything about this phone .
i have a pug and a beagle pup .
buy the classic dirt devil - not this one .
my health warrants that i monitor it closely .
these are unlike the wooden dowls that split .
they will be going in the garbage though .
i 'm sure it could fit many different phones .
clasping clips break off/plastic is very fragile kind .
i have never seen ice chopped up so fast .
this item definately makes the coffee taste better .
shame on cuisinart for making products designed to fail .
do your research and know what you are buying .
this case is the top of the line .
i am big fan of ea soccer game .
just put the thing on a leave it there .
bottom line - imho best one on the market .
worked as soon as i put the battery in .
my wife can destroy anything in the kitchen .
i have had my phone replaced 7 times .
this is heavy duty and does the job well .
less wasteful than using bags with the food saver .
seems to last just as long as factory battery .
if and only if you follow the directions perfectly .
i always read other reviews when purchasing items .
the earpiece has nice comfortable feel to it .
i now just pick up socks wherever i am .
fantastic power & relatively quiet for all it does .
the 9810 cover is prettier , but very slippery .
battery seems high quality and it fits snug .
i sampled it black to get the true flavor .
i 'd like to see arms with adjustable depth .
unless you have some assemblance of a soul .
however , i only use it in my car .
the itorch imp52d is really a great external battery .
you 're paying a pretty penny for each serving .
the lid fits good with a stainless rim edge .
i think it would make my skin too oily .
so to not have this ability is pretty unforgivable .
the artwork on the case is really cool looking .
i also dislike the darkness of the settings .
have used product well over 8 times with nothing .
this one is the king ! coffee is excellent .
first , never every put it in the dishwasher .
ordered this case cause of the nostalgia and price .
the construction is sturdy and its easy to read .
i have had my bissell for almost a year .
description says no msg added but ingredients list it .
everything you 've heard about this microplane is true .
i am really sorry i purchased this item .
i used this grinder to grind up cooked chicken .
it requires a separate power supply to charge .
would poop in front of it in protest .
very durable case with stand and belt clip .
just kick and punch nothing flashy at all .
tablet users should get something larger.they 're not forever .
like the size and is comfortable to use .
longer 4-inch blades seemed unwieldy for paring and trimming .
looks like it has been dragged across the pavement .
i expect this press to last a long time .
so makes a very one sided multiplayer experience .
these are smooth and comfortable and have no taste .
this drink was just too weird for me .
much more difficult to work than some competitors .
just now found out i actually paid for it .
there are two empty spaces for two additional colors .
i had to return them for a refund .
but it has a very strange texture and consistency .
i 've been using this set about 3 weeks .
it protects the phone and is very secure .
ones i bought at the store kept breaking .
these are a great size and hold many items .
it also saves money in the long run .
it is also wonderful for washing fruits and vegetables .
or the text stalls and eventually catches up .
this product is a mix of the two .
oddly enough it rusts in only two places .
i have no complaints a really good product .
this is a very very good phone holder .
it is a 7200 rpm drive after all .
anyway , one of the great products out there .
sequence of events that led to this review:1 .
easy to read and seems to be accurate .
my son in law loves the cast iron pan .
i would recomend this can opener to all .
this is an apple green and white color .
not positive results for severe itching , or hives .
it is very disjointed and is hardly enjoyable .
it says for 3-yr-old and up on the box .
the steel is of utmost quality and sharpness .
usually every year i buy him a new one .
these are just like the older style canning pots .
excellent product but does not fit my kitchenaid .
it had a great cost and a great product .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
i always by multiple and keep them everywhere .
i just find it a joy in my kitchen .
i had great hopes for this little bandage .
nothing , even tried several times in several outlets .
we purchased this stone for making 5 minute bread .
bought two pistols and two of these sights .
graphics- this is where the ds falls extremely short .
these pens work on all capacitive touch displays .
a really great product for a reasonable price .
i make protein waffles on a daily basis .
i do however love the way this cooked .
this review is for the original motorola defy mb525 .
thinkthin uses sugar alcohol instead of conventional sugar .
product arrived on time and was wrapped well .
it works fine and pops most of the kernels .
but that does not bother us at all .
put the yummy bag into the bag of ice .
for the price im not complaining at all .
does anyone know which one actually works nowadays .
i use these to transport iced coffee every day .
the sides balloon out and it catches on everything .
pretty small in size and charges my devices well .
this machine has made my life so much easier .
mine is a just over a year old .
now i see the worx gt on tv .
i do n't know why i waited so long .
i will not purchase one of these again .
it definately works and is simple to use .
i ca n't wait to try that trick again .
with my dvd you have a crude search feature .
they are sturdy and stable for storing three tools .
this does n't seem to be the case anymore .
like they know your supposed to go that way .
i have tried other but my phone rejects them .
great servcie and will deal with them again .
very nice packaging nd display of the product .
then i cut the dough into 4 pieces .
the manufactures claim this coffee is not bitter..i disagree .
for some reason she ate it in seconds .
i tried to use it but it was horrible .
had this in use for about 4 months now .
looks great on until it gets used the .
also , the little blue shelf always falls off .
they were cushy which was why i bought them .
i was turned off by the smell first .
best thing we ever bought for heating up water .
maybe order another pair if have in stock .
did not last a full hour of play .
i found them to be much too brittle .
it is fantastic , cooks top and bottom evenly .
and it makes wonderful ice cream in minutes .
its a nice cream but no real changes folks .
as usual , pyrex lives up to their reputation .
food and nutrition is the first way to health .
you need to bring back your old formula .
the brewer did not have good water dispersment .
i use the quick cycle and the medium crust .
it is all hot air and does not work .
saved me from having to purchase a new phone .
love this little machine for making cold brew coffee .
the base is too small to support the height .
i bought two of these for the office .
the blender definitely gives you a smoother drink .
this phone case fit the phone nice and snuggly .
the small size is prefect for single-person cooking .
this glass jug looks almost old-fashioned in my refrigerator .
i received this in 3 days via usps .
but it also was sent through to my teammates .
by far the best screen cover i put on .
has worked without fail now for over 3 years .
i 've used this a couple of times now .
i wanted so much to love this headset .
there is no variation in the flavors either .
i thought china glaze was more high-end polish .
i guess you get what you pay for .
we bought two bottles of this from costco .
so far the seals on them seem good .
i purchased this feeder for several reasons : 1 .
they say affirimitive 4 times before doing something .
this is a lot larger than one would think .
steams meat as it is frying to perfection .
it does what it said it would do .
they are large and they bake the cookies perfectly .
quality is so-so but it does the job .
we have had 3 of these in 3 years .
this one is decent , but not drip proof .
reviewed many choices before settling on this one .
this fit perfectly and has truly solved the problem .
for travelling purpose , these devices will break easily .
i had high hopes for this little device .
you have to love the durability of stainless steel .
this case is attractive and fits my phone well .
who knows maybe this was a knock off .
tiny microwaves probably will not work with this .
i am so thrilled to have these tools now .
it fits great in your hand and works great .
no shopping around for fancy cases , pretty colors .
my daughter loved this toy when we bought it .
i purchased this item for my teenage daughter .
the speed and quality of juicing ability are amazing .
i was very excited the the game game out .
charges device in similiar time compared to wire .
yes i read that it was short in length .
i would like nippon ichi entertainment to try again .
this is a great idea that is poorly executed .
this game is not in 16:9 widescreen at all .
do n't believe all the hype about this one .
windows is junk and i refuse to own one .
i do not like this eye shadow at all .
the rubber buttons over the power/vol buttons work well .
this mixer has become my new best kitchen friend .
this coffeemaker is working very well for us .
i used it morning and night with no results .
it makes cleaning the leftover bits a breeze now .
i dial new numbers out from the cell phone .
the measure markings are clear and easy to read .
i have been using this product for years .
very disappointed in amazon for selling something like this .
avoid this product and by a real honeywell pre-filter .
my first smart phone was an htc droid incredible .
snapping off the case and re-attaching it was simple .
the design makes washing this thing a nightmare .
had an older braun blender and it was ok .
i simply still ca n't find myself like this .
i think i 've got it pretty well down .
this one is capable of pairing with multiple devices .
i especially love that is made in the usa .
i 've got half a dozen headphones or more .
this size is perfect for his small kitchen .
this is my least favorite food dispensing toy .
other reviewers can be better reporters than i can .
not a shipping issue , but from the factory .
my job requires me to carry a pager .
have now used this case for a year .
but this size is small and convenient to store .
not to mention it 's not at all convenient .
we have some during our family night watching movies .
as for listening to music , i love these .
i thought its just needs some getting used to .
you can still get one in decent shape .
i had a difficult time getting it down .
this holster is supposed to fit a g-30 .
wish i had found out about these sooner .
it tasted so fine with a bit of sugar .
but maybe now i 'm just being totally biased .
it will tip if things are n't evenly distributed .
i could n't even swallow the bite of toast .
very sturdy and looks nice sitting on the stovetop .
the french press coffee steeped for four minutes .
they are the biggest pills i have ever had .
i 'm not having luck on amazon with jeans .
have always bought hipsters and was comfortable in them .
it looks like any other regualr sized jacket .
if you 're looking for action - look elsewhere .
i had to finish the job with simple green .
i will probably start buying only blackhawk products again .
they are durable and they are easy to use .
this explains the flavor issue i have with them .
love plunger coffee and the thermos makes it possible .
this causes the mount to be nearly useless .
perfect for baking at holidays and throughout the year .
not that i would do anything like that .
the order came quickly and in perfect shape .
save your money and get the real deal .
maybe the handle is simply more difficult to grip .
also ordered the regular size at that time .
i have no problems with the food sticking .
he has kidney problems because he is diabetic .
i proudly claimed my prize and took it home .
we live in seattle and drink lots of coffee .
this was a poor fit for my iphone 4 .
i just thought the liners might be different .
this is a game that kids would probably enjoy .
i had it about 6 months by then .
this cute little gadget is n't just for eggs .
needs toffee pieces or something with more flavor .
i bought this for my son for his birthday .
it works great and came at a great price .
i 'm a big fan of rechargable aa batteries .
so i found this rice cooker on amazon .
i purchased this water filter pitcher for the bedroom .
it 's no better than typical blue glass cleaner .
before the data corrupted and i lost it all .
unfortunately these drives come formatted at fat or fat32 .
second , smudged and did not wash off easily .
its been a year so far and no problem .
inexpensive insurance for all the food in your refrigerator .
i think there are better options out there .
that is what they use for data in china .
this is a simple , yet very innovative product .
looked good in the picture but is junky .
like renting a movie you only watch once .
love the color and they are made very well .
i only give this item two stars.jim in ohio .
one of the highest rated wired buds on amazon .
i just got these in the mail today .
kellogg does not use gmos in these countries .
i make a mean ruben sandwich using this .
i even use its ample flat surface for steaming .
i do wish it could rotate but thats ok .
on a last note , call quality is livable .
amazing what a truly sharp knife can do .
other times it gives me really ridiculous numbers .
although it works great without creating any breakouts .
it is very difficult to lock and to unlock .
this product is amazingly small for the juice provided .
i got the jambox as a birthday present .
i wish i would have known about this before .
i really like how powerful this phone is .
i also can enjoy adding my own spices .
it looks exactly the same as the picture .
it seems like it will last a long time .
the quality is great and so was the price .
i created a baseline overnight recording of my snoring .
this battery has the htc logo on it .
so we will not be purchasing them again .
in fact it 's still in there and working .
perfect price and it arrived earlier than i expected .
i have eczema and this product made it worst .
i bought another one out of paranoia ( e.g .
obviously , i am very happy with this pitcher .
using this cast-iron skillet has been a real treat .
good sturdy product and adheres to counter top securely .
it was easily knocked out of adjustment too .
actually its worse.i regret buying a whole box .
the dried pasta easily slides off the wands.4 .
he turned his head away and left the room .
and this one work very well and cheap .
i 'll give it to the local soup kitchen .
it was to late for me to return it .
i bought three of these universal car mount holders .
the image might even be characterized as a misrepresentation .
i loved this when i first got it .
now it 's just a pile of cow poop .
had it for years and still no problem .
i got rid of all my teflon pans .
i should have done so a long time ago .
seemed like a good buy when i bought it .
not as loud as i thought it would be .
absolutely the worst immersion blender i 've ever owned .
the crappiest rts game is better than this .
has rubber covers for the charger and headphone jack .
it also made the phone look really cheap .
the only issue with cast iron is the weight .
we measured our pup before purchasing this item .
no more soggy salads.no more watered down dressings .
2012 - still runs great after 14 years .
we use this item with our fondue set .
it is probably a great car camping bag .
fits perfectly in a true half size baking sheet .
the characters appear to have been inspired by anime .
maybe another flavor taste better ; i hope so .
worked so well i bought more and more .
i called virgin about 4 times about this .
this aluminum pie crust ring is a kitchen essential .
it was just as we expected it to be .
i have not had any bad luck with it .
we received ours at the beginning of december .
i figured there must be some sort of hitch .
i am totally satisfied with the cuisinart dcc-1200 .
i can not recommend this case as a result .
my child learns very quickly with encouragement and correcting .
i felt they were much lower than that .
my wife is very satisfied with this purchase .
i use it every day and highly recommend it .
now back to my case of pinot noir .
this was a gift for my mother-in-law for christmas .
can be a bit messy when the oil dissolves .
there is nothing more beautiful than stainless steel cookware .
this is the fifth bluetooth headset i have purchased .
i 'm sure this one is good as well .
there are two reasons to have a pot rack .
this is a great thermometer at a great price .
continue to be very pleased with the case .
it looks amazing withing the next 24-48 hours .
spends a lot of time on the phone3 .
the latter seems to be the genuine product .
this case is neat and very very colorful .
you ca n't beat this filter for the money .
i have used this for over 1.5 years .
i recommend sizing up your number by 1-2 .
make sure you clean your screan really good .
i am comparing this new h730 to the h720 .
this item works but its not very precise .
make the horrible water taste a little better .
simply stated it seems to clean deeper than others .
been looking everywhere for a bottle opener well made .
the grooves are too shallow to do anything .
for decades , the nesco has defined the category .
i have had silicone that is much more flimsy .
no need to waste money on this one .
you can either use a pizza stone or this .
my gummy vitamin c tastes better than these .
in fact , i bought a second one .
thanks for nothing cold steel *made in south africa .
this is a great edition to the kitchen .
i was looking forward to trying this coffee .
i recently noticed that the blender has multiple speeds .
i bought cyberhome ch-dvd 200 progressive-scan dvd player .
i cut the pizza right on the pan .
then stir and wait 4 minutes while it brews .
i bought these as a gift for my sister-in-law .
definitely does not taste like pomegranate flavored coconut water .
i had no other use for this product .
the bristles are soft as well as flexible .
the broth was now the color of india ink .
so far i am not at all happy .
the stand is great for a slim device .
we all enjoyed it from ages 5 to grandparents .
the larger containers are great for cereal and pasta .
this was just what i was looking for .
if you are still leaking stop and disassemble .
we declined.i 've got two 2-year old timex wristwatches .
looked at glass ware for a long time .
i found lots of trouble wuth the bubble breath .
it 's better than a bunch of paper towels .
i am almost sure you will be disappointed .
i already know i 'll need a second one .
i sharpen my knives about twice a year .
but that did n't improve the problem at all .
received these the other day and washed them .
my next one will have this feature though .
i am very glad i purchased this brush .
a few months later the unit just stopped working .
all those 5 star reviews ca n't be wrong .
it got excellent safety ratings from consumers report .
will not buy again or recommend to anyone .
because of this i give it 4 stars .
i have a back up just in case .
i 've dropped my phone at least 10 times .
verizon wireless stopped carrying these clear screen protectors .
product left a nasty gunge film on the sensor .
did a little research and decided to try this .
do not wasit your money on this junk .
the cat has become accustomed to it though .
it fits and seals well with most bottles .
makes the iphone easy to hold and use .
took forever to arrive coming from over seas .
it brews fast but still produces good coffee.2 .
it could have been water for all it did .
my dad originally got this gun for himself .
i bought these for my kids at christmas .
it proves you only get what you pay for .
it is sturdy , the finish is very nice .
it was on time and has all they offered .
i used this product for a little while .
it fits my mattress and adds some extra fluffiness .
highly recommend adding this to any knife collection .
so this old plaque is over one year old .
keeps the bluetooth ear bug charged for use daily .
my cat was n't having any of this nonsense .
the story is moved forward by going on missions .
yerba is better as hand brush without handle .
i tried this mascara based on other positive reviews .
these are cheap , cheap cheap in all aspects .
it actually lifts my carpet up while vacuuming .
now we both feel confident the phone will last .
and it takes so looooong to get past this .
go with lee filters and get the bigstopper ! .
on the expensive side but well worth it .
i have purchased this exact same headset twice .
the old one i will use for salad dressing .
i bought this product to boost our internet connection .
glad i brought this product for my iphone .
happy with purchase.no other brands to compare to .
it takes a licking and keeps on ticking .
i should have paid closer attention to the ingredients .
it keeps coffee hot for almost 8 hours .
it also reheats pizzeria pizza with a nice crisp .
i have dropped it on several occasions without incident .
it has almost a fake shiny look to it .
we 've got the sled-dog effect going on here .
the idea is there but the application is lacking .
i also like the way the lid fits .
i bought this for my now 10yr old daughter .
the order service from the supplier was great .
my boys were batman and robin for this halloween .
my family did n't really care for these cookies .
what an unacceptable , squandered opportunity this game is .
easy to zip open to add or remove things .
this coffee leaves a lot to be desired .
thanks for reading if you made it this far .
sometimes , and this is one of those times .
panasonic is sending the machine back for repair again .
the shorts ride up in the crotch big time .
now it wont charge even from the controller .
seriously , liquid cools in less than 15 minutes .
i did n't really enjoy this product at all .
most of my bread was made during my sleep .
a very handy tool , and not a gimmick .
so i would advise caution at this point .
i do n't think that even jabra considered that .
the blades are razor sharp and it works well .
is it expensive for what it is ? yes .
the first hole is a 470+ par four .
i love chocolate , and indulge in it regularly .
this toy looks so cute but does not work .
it was very annoying to me at first .
too sweet at first and a bitter after taste .
i would now rate the pod five stars .
i expected a heck of a lot more .
5/5 for a great product at a great price .
i thought it was larger than it looks .
all i can say is that this rocks .
one of the great phone i have ever used .
he looks 4 inches taller when using them .
i took a chance and ordered this flair .
the price was a lot better than retail price .
i 've never had a problem with oily skin .
we use it to heat formula from the fridge .
so we decided to try these and nothing yet .
it has worked fine for a couple years now .
i kept waking up with a dead phone .
this game is way too difficult and complex .
really wish they had been like the old ones .
hope it helps others if they have similar issues .
these wo n't even hold one one incontinent episode .
the gun in question is from the early 70s .
the smell does go away after about 10 minutes .
it is made from extremely high quality stainless steel .
it does not hurt that it looks nice too .
even castlevania fans should steer clear of this one .
purchased this as a stocking stuffer for our daughter .
had to through it away cause its messy .
i use mine outside on my screened porch .
this is just what we needed for our kitchen .
when i got the item it was already broken .
the 3g connection was good here in vegas .
for the most part though , they ignore it .
a nice big size for all kinds of uses .
they call for whole milk and heavy cream .
it 's for people who have long lashes already .
a true red and fits my mixer very nice .
will certainly find more uses in days to come .
i knew i was getting an inferior item .
this battery pack will charge your iphone several times .
it is flimsy and floppy and fell right off .
just not up to par with my kirkland tshirts .
not the case with this coffee at all .
i love soft gel cases for this reason .
it whips up dough and cookie batters effortlessly .
this product probably works better on lighter-colored hair .
just got the black and white zebra print case .
it would not spin or respond in any way .
it does not dissolve well and is very gritty .
that way you get a smoother less crystalized texture .
it is so much better than the microwave popcorn .
other than this issue it is a good product .
never a problem and it looks very nice .
it 's difficult to arrange sweaters around the cords .
i wish i had of realized it said pearl .
cost too much for such a poorly designed product .
for the price this thing is really good .
this is a professional unit with 1700 peak amps .
thick , sturdy glass with good handle and spout .
then i started to get the nauseous feeling .
a patina will emerge from the scraping and stirring .
this is my third motorola bluetooth in this category .
thats about 8 x 1.50 going to waste .
then digital download did not run as smooth .
i would recommend this to a friend.great buy .
however , my issue with this was the smell .
if you need to can then you would def .
it heats up fairly quickly and heats evenly .
the intra steam bursts of steam are unbeatable .
this case would be nice if it fit properly .
but the environments are rather plain and sterile .
beats nothing but that is about all it beats .
sturdy , white plastic that is definitely dishwasher safe .
this is the worst case i have ever seen .
my grand daughter likes to share with everyone .
this truly is heavy duty and works great .
easy to program , no bells and whistles overkill .
this pan is exactly as it is described .
there are better binoculars for a little more mula .
bought this set for my mother-in-law who loves it .
this item is replacing an aluminum 5 qt cooker .
the taste was horrible after they started digesting .
i use a lot of pepper when i cook .
i have reflux and coffee is a major trigger .
they really are n't made to last for ever .
came without any bubble wrap and nothing broke .
grind them with a good quality conical burr grinder .
the carafe is held with a chrome carafe harness .
i love this show , love this insider logo .
i wound up using this for an hp .
charge it for a minute or so before use .
you could n't see the screen from your reflection .
my hair fell out worse with this product .
i purchased this from sf planet - was cheap .
it is easy to connect and it is comfy .
you may be doing others a favor too .
1-800 customer service number in manual no good .
at least the graphics were amazing for the n64 .
the only drawback is the lack of attachments .
it simply would not cut hair at all .
claims to be for air guns on amazon .
i heard nothing but good things about this lotion .
its super oily and has a gritty consistency .
but the attachment is too short and too small .
this selection just does not do it for me .
this is a seriously thick and well made cable .
huge waste of plastic and our international shipping lanes.6 .
it never kept my iphone standing at all .
energizer is good only for batteries at this point .
all 3 of those games are second to none .
i will be trying the liquid form soon .
but the first piece is for the 'screw ' .
i do not like this style of bluetooth headset .
this is not the one to do it .
it feels like several big chunks put together .
i bought this for my son for christmas .
but this is super hot beyond my tolerance .
it leaves the cat with a light pleasant smell .
super easy to apply following the simple directions .
the problem is the freshness of the roasted beans .
peel it off , throw away and try again .
this was made for a very short- torso person .
have cooked two non-angelfood cakes since it arrived .
it does the job and it can be sharpened .
i saw absolutely no difference in his behavior .
i was really looking forward to receiving this .
cleans up well and the grip is great .
is good if you want a low calorie snack .
fits the iphone 4s perfect with a simple snap .
this case quickly clips on and off your belt .
now he spins and becomes tangled in the seatbelt .
easy to hang by handle for quick access .
my main complain was the flimsy alarms for meetings .
i would recommend the snappy white hull less popcorn .
click 3-4 times just to change the display brightness .
this spinner works great at removing the water .
this is probably the best bb for the money .
but again the clean up was so so easy .
but what a great flavor cooking in it .
this came highly recommended and now i know why .
1/10th of these rounds are all bent up .
not as cool as they make it sound .
as a hair loss shampoo it is not .
the clams also came out great without the mess .
repeat at 400 degrees , mine read exactly 400 .
there are also 30 different monsters in the game .
not getting cheap screen cover from now on .
it makes my phone look a little yellow-ish .
i chose this because it is my favorite design .
however , recently i ordered full fat coconut milk .
i have done this for over ten years now .
i hope this is corrected in the future .
supposed to be useable by an avaya phone .
this whisk is well balanced allowing for easy whisking .
no need to fight with others for charging time .
this has more calories than a regular coke .
no point in trying to use the last two .
and most of them tell you useless crap .
i have another cuisinart tri-ply pot ( 8 qt .
they should include these with the original deyhydrator .
this was definitely not the way to go .
i am returning this one and getting the contigo .
it still looks brand new because of the case .
the cats have adapted to their new toilets .
it is unpleasant and does not taste like coconut .
also excellent as a headset when making calls .
it is very comfortable and crisp in conversations .
i have had this coffee maker for 3 years .
the stinging takes a couple of hours to subside .
clean-up is so easy because the pot is enamel-coated .
throw away your knives because this thing is amazing .
grinds evenly from insanely turkish to french-press coarse .
i have even successfully run the java-based gmail app .
i 've only used it a couple of times .
i guess it did save my phone though .
i will never buy anything from this brand again .
pro : it connects to the cd slot solidly .
will see if we have any success returning it .
i will without question be returning this knife .
this will not replace your traditional sharpening implement .
it is very attractive but is completely plastic .
threads coming out and will fall apart if stuffed .
i would recommend them for anyone with arthritis .
bounces over short grass and little bumps very nicely .
works on every device i own apple and samsung .
bought a set of these about 5 years ago .
great product , very easy to use and install .
red russian is the best of the reds .
i 'm wondering if this stuff is actually toxic .
nice compact design and very easy to use .
i asked for budokai 3 not budokai tenkaichi .
how about learn a few things from ikea .
also your looking about around 15 hours of gameplay .
this and the lid go in the dishwasher .
might as well take your 50 bucks somewhere else .
the soles seem nice and the footbed is comfortable .
the lotions are oil-free but not the sprays .
longer or an extension would help solve that .
these are great and i highly recommend them .
i bought mine in august of 2009 from amazon .
i like the fact that it has a lid .
i decided to let it go for 20 minutes .
you get a great product for a low price .
lo and behold , the sloppy joes were amazing .
i proceed to fire off about a dozen rounds .
made sturdy and it fits my iphone 4 perfectly .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
i do n't even have a very small head .
my foodsaver has been such a great purchase .
ended up throwing out to the birds , squirrels .
fiestaware is durable and pretty in the kitchen .
have been looking for olive picks for our martinis .
amazon had no problem with this so far .
it is crumbs that get all over everything .
as they evolve , i buy the new models .
it broke down in the very first use .
i ordered to wear with my thin bras .
a definite must have for anyone who cans .
you do n't have to worry about it melting .
performance is adequate until it quits on you .
too much friction for the plastic parts maybe .
broke the first time i tried to use it .
i have trouble even using these to cook .
i bought one of this card from this page .
they have over 4000 complaints per year against them .
would buy again if i needed another one .
i never got a fast pot out of it .
this one even rings when you get a call .
if its not working for someone with normal breakouts .
i figured i would give this one a shot .
this case is made to take a hit .
looks good on the counter and easy to clean .
this works great and does exactly what it should/says .
i played this game at an online convention .
otherwise , it is a fair weather day appliance .
i am so happy i got this pasta machine .
this little machine does what it is suppose to .
perfect fit for refrigerator doors , seals very easily .
callen that it was not packed well , however .
cant help them if they do n't eat it .
i was so surprise by this little thin charger .
and they are expensive to buy in store .
all protectors will be fairly difficult to apply .
sautes cook much better on a regular pan anyway .
this deep version is perfect for frying chicken .
generally gun oil is just a lubricant for firearms .
so i had to get a new one .
i do n't remember now what kind it was .
it does not live up to its advertised claims .
i consider myself to be a good diyer .
this can is supposed to hold 8 gallons .
but be careful about the seals on the jars .
no doubt that all-clad makes an excellent product .
the sizing is incorrect and the quality is poor .
so i tried again and re-ordered in 9.5m .
maybe i got a used battery god knows .
works great good quality perfect fit as described .
it is worth every penny i paid for it .
i think they changed the formula so buyer beware .
added a good portion of veggies and pre-cooked chicken .
i have the mini version of this salad spinner .
the weight and stickiness will be perfect for recitals .
highly recommend this one , especially for the price .
overall a great vaccum at a bargain price .
needed some extra dishes for the holidays-these were perfect .
i have had my linksys router for 3 years .
the fix : turn the tortilla 90degress and press .
i already had one of these for pepper .
this new machine makes perfect pizzelles that never stick .
at this price i expected a little more .
i use this for skyping on a daily basis .
i will not buy again i do n't think .
i will not be buying this product for me .
it is pointless unless you have perfect conditions .
they do n't seem to glow for very long .
it will fully recharge an ipad 1st gen .
i looked on amazon and bought this unit .
i am 40 not 4 and pamper my belongings .
the competing brand also incorporates newer processor technology .
i use them all the time in the microwave .
i ordered this case for my newly-bought iphone 5s .
these turned out to be nice in the end .
assembly is n't difficult and clean up is easy .
as for what i received , mine in excellent .
i dropped it many times with no problems .
my dcc-1200 just bit the dust this morning .
this color looks great against my white iphone .
everyone who uses cat5 can probably use one .
the addition of ginger does n't really add anything .
i bought this case to highlight my white iphone .
it took me forever to get this off .
the screen is exactly as described by the vendor .
not to mention the beautiful cherry red color .
shun knives have a very nice weight to them .
pashmina is a fine type of cashmere wool .
yes , these will fit that size machine also .
colapsed the back flap after 60 or so shots .
a little heavy but that is necessary for stability .
i have arthritic friends who swear by these .
works well and pops all the kernels perfectly .
there are a couple of things worth noting here .
surely a recommend for kids handling an ipod .
keys and change in the same pocket ? nope .
i ca n't tell you how disappointed i was .
it is easy to clean and easy to use .
this is a perfect thanksgiving for mom and dad .
these underwear are unbearably tight in the waistband .
they are very quiet on low and medium .
there was not much room in the large compartment .
research indicates that non-plastic appliances are healthier , too .
i ordered two of these and they worked great .
did n't want to but i had no choice .
this item larger and heftier than it appears .
my toddler is crazy about the dinosaur train show .
i will be hesitant to purchase another canon product .
i 'd rather buy a real mattress for guests .
i have never seen a bottle so mangled .
is it the worst volleyball game ever ? no .
i was happy when i saw this on amazon .
we wrote to amazon and requested a refund .
a little bit at a time works fine .
a sideboard with a decanter and a soda siphon .
this took maybe 15 minutes to put together .
fit is great and the color combination is nice .
sufficient-c is also very generous with their doses .
i love the material and it fits perfectly .
its nice for looks but its not very functional .
the splatter guard is a super nice accessory .
i use it for many things while cooking .
read the instructions for cleaning which is very easy .
it feels like putting vicks on my face .
i want to run them completely dead before recharging .
guess we will stick with the other brands .
these are everything the description says they are .
i feel that it is a marvelous product .
my cleaner was delivered promptly and was packaged carefully .
they are fixed and they do not spin .
i use the bunn 10 cup home model .
i have never found a flaw in corelle dishes .
of course the are small enough to a gnome .
still , i like the smaller size for them .
so i switched back to verizon 2 years ago .
product is holding up well after tons of use .
the case is well-designed and comfortable to hold .
i disapprove cheap listed item with expensive shipping .
its not a quality watch in any way .
this causes the bubbles to keep breaking down .
i sold it within just a couple of days .
i did that for a week and a half .
not the best , but definitely not the worst .
it has a long tube to travel through .
not really , but it became boring and uninteresting .
when i drop this thermometer into boiling water .
with this poor performance they are much too expensive .
i bought 2 and both are slow to charge .
did n't dry up like the avon clearsil does .
it is just that useful to have around .
some throw chunks of veggies out the feed shoot .
i think this was a less then quality construction .
will determine how long it 's going to last .
i will never buy an htc product again .
it fits well even though i have glasses on.4 .
this product just does not work with nokia 3650 .
it is not designed to take the direct heat .
that in itself made it well worth the price .
this is the trade-off one needs to carefully make .
the kettle is also good quality and constructed well .
so i used wire to secure the extra doors .
this vacuum cleaner was definitely worth the price .
the stainless steel carafe is a winner also .
this can be eliminated by turning down the volume .
leave to soak for 1 hour without boiling .
the rulebook is large and it is 24 pages .
i ordered small and they are much too large .
they are perfect and come in several different sizes .
it was comparable to spinning yarn into gold thread .
my son got this as a christmas present .
again more information about this machine would help .
i was hoping for some kind of scent .
seiko makes the best phone products there are .
this product is just a waste of money .
he really preferred his green toys toolbox instead .
wrong ! the stay away is even worse .
xxxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xx xx xx .
i like the gauge rather than the wobbling weights .
heavy base keeps the roll from being pulled over .
so single player is a one day event .
it says mango butter cream on the package .
i guess you get what you pay for .
this is the best whisk i 've ever had .
the trimmer comb attachment is very easy to break .
it holds my lg optimus hd phone perfectly .
the wipes are too small and not strong enough .
very disappointed with this product and its quality .
for us it was a nightmare to clean .
love the colfor myself and to give away too .
thus using the autofight button is almost required .
the second port is a great feature too .
it was also just noisy in the pedal chain .
for contrast , i was torn between this vs .
i liked it but was hard to keep clean .
i would have liked to enjoy this lip color .
i wish the description for it was better .
you can heat them up as they are pyrex .
waste of money buy from a different buyer .
i love the built-in forward and pause buttons .
and she tore a piece off within 5 minutes .
it makes perfect dough , which i then bake .
neither of these problems occur with this one .
bottom line : you get what you pay for .
bought this as a gift for my girlfriend .
already planning twice as many plants for next year .
i do not like the feel of the phone .
the raised edges protect the screens from falls .
i punted and returned the piece of junk.p.s .
i bought this product about a year ago .
came as expected and it is what i wanted .
i mistakenly thought i was getting a pair .
i saw this and thought why not try it .
i had a nice glow after the first application .
since then i have bought two other combo units .
i guess i can figure it out eventually .
i have had these for about a year .
when plugged in , the power button flashes red .
for this price the quality exceeded my expectations .
whoever designed the wand applicator should be fired .
i would give it a 2.5 if i could .
it was so acidic it made my stomach hurt .
the adapters only fit a few phones and models .
i will buy these again when i need it .
i may purchase one for my office , also .
the cable and the car charger works well .
it ends up still being too small lengthwise .
i was worried that this would be too bulky .
it does not protect enough of the glass .
i purchased these to use with my steamfast mop .
but it broke within 2 months , the buckle .
didnt work on neighbor dogs either : ( bust .
you ca n't just push a button and go .
the steel is of utmost quality and sharpness .
that about sums up the lg tone bt headset .
both work great for peeling & coring apples .
because of the reviews i had to try these .
what a complete disappointment and waste of money ! .
they were a very close to the earlobe fit .
flax seed needs to be used freshly ground .
the game had problems with some cd drives .
the thick walls are great for retaining heat .
one of my better purchases here on amazon .
within a few days it started to rust .
enemies firing rockets at you from sea and air .
this is a definite trade-in and title to forget .
which means that packaging is less than impressive .
i had this cup for at least 20 years .
i had a friend loan me his ver .
i was instantly sold on sulfate free shampoo .
all of the skills i encountered were mundane .
these are pretty heavy-duty containers with a locking lid .
this results in coffee particles in your coffee .
i am 5'3 and 137lbs , ordered the medium .
they have never been over inflated just the opposite .
frozen veggie burger is done in 5-7 minutes .
this toy is not very good at all .
i have n't used the upholstery attachment in awhile .
stick with the standard shin ramyun which is spicier .
this is necessary with other churns as well .
returning this item so i can get something decent .
it was a regular old crappy screen protector .
you can never have too many usb chargers .
not going to return such a low price product .
problem was not with china glaze as a brand .
they changed the fit and sizing on it .
not bad looking but i ca n't use them .
i have a lighter adapter and use this cable .
the finish is outstanding and the product is rugged .
it did what it needed to do v .
i tried alot of purifiers and this is great .
it is as shown except it is huge .
santa brought this to my 3 yr old .
it is so easy to hard boil eggs .
was hoping this was the one solid snap case .
neither my cats nor i really like this litter .
i want to throw up when i smell it .
came apart after using it only one day .
this coffee grinder has a history the motor failing .
we cut them to fit any and everything .
i 've tried several of these eyelash growth products .
will be buying more otterbox defender cases for her .
the color did not show well in the photo .
i bought the teac cd-rw880 cd recorder instead .
purchased a pair of sony that work great .
then after awhile more i started to have problems .
everyone just runs around shooting and killing anything .
i bought these batteries for an electronic dog collar .
of course , my iphone needed the pentalobe screwdriver .
for years i have seen this product in stores .
the case is smooth and looks pretty nice .
trust this case to keep my iphone safe .
ths is a great shortcut to mincing garlic .
guess it ca n't survive the heat in travel .
i would recommend both this product and the seller .
the battery life is pretty fantastic as well ! .
these bags work great and handle oversized loafs easily .
i even pulled up my slacks properly before crouching .
definitely not the nicest pajama pants i 've seen .
i will definitely not be using this product again .
there is plenty of room to put everything .
takes a 7 to toast fiberone 100 % wheat .
kids are not going to like this at all .
and then he promptly threw up said wire material .
to stay on my ears during a run .
i would look elswhere for a different product .
i exchanged it for the 3rd rail brand .
the quality was not good , and very staticy .
very pleased as these are hard to find .
after a year of use i appeared red lights .
i use this all the time - love it .
i do n't know how we managed without this .
i am extremely satisfied with this chrome trimmed cover .
i have loved my kitchen aid 5 qt mixer .
the disney /pixar cars , is a nice toy .
the end result is that she really enjoys them .
for better item with bling not this one .
there 's nothing fancy but it does the job .
took about 15-20 minutes on a metal insulated door .
it is a whole lot sexier in real life .
this was a hit at a friends 's party .
amazon has refunded us the price of the mixer .
so i 'm not sure how that will go .
someone splurged and got them for me for christmas .
i hated it but maybe you 'll like it .
my husband likes these for cereal and oatmeal .
it fits perfectly over the grinder and other attachments .
one problem is getting liquids out of the pan .
i think the no-poo route is n't for me .
bought tthis as part of our camping gear .
i do n't think this product works for me .
it works perfectly in all sorts of foods .
last night as usual i fully charged the battery .
can cook a lot of food at once .
very easy to apply- and simple to replace .
i loved it and is still in great condition .
i will not be buying from this seller again .
amazon shipped one out for next day delivery instantly .
fit and finish is easily as good as original .
loved moo2 , one of the greatest games ever .
poor to no ergonomic design when in to this .
right out of the box i could tell .
i have nothing bad to say about this product .
all in all i would definately recomend this purchase .
paid $ 40.heads up if you buy the refurb .
of course patching is n't a strong point either .
the gameplay is the worst i have ever experienced .
i dont need a data plan to use it .
i have a combination skin with oily tzone .
things have to be done in a proper order .
it gets very hot and heats up pretty quick .
the headphones stay in my ears while working out .
it looks like the rot has been halted .
it can only be used in the newer style .
the flavor lacks , & the texture does too .
for $ 7.20 you get what you pay for .
my toddler sons enjoyed playing hot wheels on it .
my thermometer read exactly 300 degrees at that point .
trying to return it is also a hassle .
my family tells me it tastes just like sugar .
they are okay except they are very chewey .
a friend has one of these west bend 6-qt .
my eyelids swelled and my eyelashes fell out .
i had never had a kitchen aid before .
the description states they fit at the natural waist .
great for what they need to be used for .
it will scratch the gun at the tight points .
this makes cooking far more easy to control .
i wish these would have worked for me ! .
for that it is coming off right away ! .
the purchase turned out to be a disaster .
be sure to clean the mat after each use .
there is absolutely no way to repair this item .
i notice its worse when the video is bright .
the velcro ripped after using it a few times .
arrived quickly despite where it was shipped from .
they fall off almost immediately after putting them on .
one is hard plastic , the other is silicone .
the many negative reviews here are no coincidence .
so i do not subject buying this product .
i was able to pair the headset without difficulty .
then placed it between the page edge and zipper .
nice compact hard sides , perfect for the purpose .
i get the glow , especially with coconut oil .
i have asked 50 dermatologist about this lotion .
wheat gluten is a cheap filler , not food .
this product was exactly what i was expecting .
there are four chains that hang the product .
almost anything breakfast can be cooked on here .
it cooks the rice exactly right every time .
kudos to amazon.com , they are a great company .
they are attractive , useful and hold a lot .
inside each snack pack are two fruit crisps .
cardamom is even more a point of interest .
it made everything look blurry on the phone .
the menu system is also clunky on this model .
charges and lasts just like the oem battery .
this is what causes the headphones to eventually die .
i installed this touch screen and it worked great .
make it a point to get good cables .
then you might think this game is pretty cool .
do n't buy the classic nes series of pacman .
it still has the wonderful catnip smell and attraction .
everything else is secondary , except for battery life .
the speakerphone leads the user through the connection process .
this time i purchase the black chrome model .
just order another one from a different supplier .
these pants were great for 2 times wearing them .
they turn out as beautiful as they are tasty .
appears to be very sturdy and well built.3 .
i have experienced this problem with another digital download .
my only gripe is that carrots stain the plastic .
products did not charge the phones at all .
the r800a does but this is the r800i .
i did all my tasks and it kept going .
as a plus , i now have a zester .
this holster is not suited for the baby glocks .
and , it goes through grass like a breeze .
keeps cell lg connect charged all day long .
maybe 5-stars after a few more months of testing .
i would not suggest this on black iphones .
the one flaw is the inside plastic liner .
but that flavor is still not honey nut .
the pyrex 2 cup storage glass containers are excellent .
i would still get their calcium chews though .
they are the best pans in the world .
this convection microwave is even better then the reviews .
a chinois is a conical fine mesh strainer .
brush is not usefull as it is not soft .
its a great price and it arrived before expected .
stupid copywriters are stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid .
there was no cutting of the pain at all .
you do not have to worry about this one .
we figured we could easily fix the pegs .
all pros and no cons for this product .
i am not too enthused about this product .
it does exactly what its supposed to do .
and way faster than using an outdoor grill .
i 'm just waiting for the plastic to crack .
i actually bought two i liked it that much .
be careful ; the cheap immitation ones are awful .
apparently , this is a known issue for them .
very disappointed in the quality of this game board .
the doctor prescribed two medications to quell this reaction .
these filters are wonderful - my water takes great .
i am completely satisfied with the product and pricing .
very happy i found it and purchased it .
sadly , this product has done nothing for me .
decent design , but does hug the phone well .
just read the ingredients , and you will see .
it drips down the front when pouring water .
your better off going brick and morter store .
this is a flare ? i took it outside .
for the price they should sound a *lot* better .
they think the brake is pretty cool too .
it took minutes to install under my cabinet .
you could maybe fit some headphones in there also .
this product worked very well in my tub .
i ordered one and received a 3pack of o-rings .
but it did n't work for me at all .
plus it is a lot for the price .
perhaps amazon took note and started adding protective packaging .
in the past has helped leg pain after .
i was poised to purchase an electric knife sharpener .
i guess all good things must end somehow .
in my book this one does not get it .
but the price was good and delivery speedy .
we got this to clean up dog accidents .
this takes away a little of the crunching satisfaction .
sleek design that holds a high volume of water .
the package clearly indicates that this is for cooking .
thank you for taking note of this note .
or perhaps drive over it with my car .
however , it caused me to break out horribly .
this review is for the nine inch tongs .
these screen protectors were very easy to use .
it really takes the drudgery out of food prep .
im a 32 a after breastfeeding 3 children .
i am using it with the stock antenna .
if i could return this contraption i would .
it did dissolve well but left skin with blemishes .
this is the best pasty cutter i have had .
went to use the next day - completely dead .
without the case the iphone would have been history .
i had to scrub it off of the plates .
that look as if you should be clearing them .
was shipped and delivered on time with no delay .
mk 1 and mk 2 were pure gold .
i was afraid to give it to my parrot .
i think it must be a dominance thing .
first i noticed the 5ghz band radio was inoperative .
as usual , we are pleased with their recommendation .
i would caution you to not use this product .
the ribbed edge is very helpful for me .
it 's best used as a dip or similar .
there is a difference from microwave , in taste .
i also reset the phone to no avail .
it has performed fabulously for my husband and me .
took no time at ll and was simple .
i purchased this knife for a small edc role .
i have to hollow to get my call answer .
kitchen-aid should put this bowl with all the mixers .
i prefer ergonomically sound and functional over cute .
i would not recommend anyone to purchase these cakes .
this is a very well-made & solid soda siphon .
these pills are fine if you 're a horse .
the addition of the non-slip feet is a plus .
while i use my keurig everyday for myself .
they 're just standard depth drawers top to bottom .
i really have n't had anything new in years .
so i decided to reorder from the same company .
the mess it made was not worth it .
works well and cleans up well in the dishwasher .
the finish is nice and the weight is good .
no problems just shorter than i would have liked .
for the money , this phone works really well .
i 'm very sensitive about my skin feeling oily .
crate is an excellent buy , when functioning properly .
it is a decent battery option for the iphone .
one for the home and one in the car .
hoover offers the only vacuums with a power-drive .
i had this sight for a few months .
i only asked for a working twinkle ball .
it keeps the tea hot for a long time .
it 's stylish but definitely not for the butter-fingered .
if i bent over , my underwear would show .
the muffin pan is substantially larger than the others .
this thing is practically a member of our family .
the rivets on the handles are industrial tough .
the medium and small sizes are practically useless .
great pan to fry in especially steak and meats .
it is a good looking unit , built well .
one drop and i 'm sure it would break .
i ended up pushing the food with my fingers .
however the load times for chrono trigger are unacceptable .
good idea but does not function as advertised .
you can of course use it before 24 hours .
easy to slide off and put back on .
very simple to fix flaw in otherwise great product .
i bought these shoes about a year ago .
maybe it 's just not strong enough for me .
the rubber lock cover keeps out dirt and water .
a see-thru layer of plastic protects front from scratches .
it is not even 1/2 full and totally frozen .
these little snacks are like mini skinny pop tarts .
a goodidea that just does n't work very well .
this is the only tamper you will ever need .
and hope not to test it on such .
this router was a real hassle to install .
oh yeah , you can swim in this game .
they also work well for millet and bulghar .
well that 's the last i saw of him .
people can hear me on the unit just fine .
i did n't notice any true results from this .
very nice and well worth the small amount paid .
yes , it does fit the boost mobile version .
i 've decided to not use it for that .
they were easy to install in my slider windows .
it was a low-carb choice before - not anymore .
bought this for work and it works great .
that is when i recieved the version 5 .
like others , i bought mine here at amazon .
the item was shipped early in great condition .
i do n't care if rice sticks or not .
nothing works except for removing & reinserting the battery .
we have cooked bacon in the microwave for years .
i think this product is worth every penny .
arrived in good condition , looks like well-made cans .
bought it to get away from the otterbox world .
the n97 is a smartphone for the techie .
theoretically , this seems great to sanitize the toothbrush .
1st six packs were great just like normal .
i also own a kitchenaid 500-watt stand mixer .
they heat evenly and are easy to clean .
not sure if these were spoiled or what .
the flavor was stronger than my roasts usually have .
they both worked well enough for the finer jobs .
when i vacuum my husband leaves the house .
this produces a very fine grind my herbs .
the food chopper is really useful in the kitchen .
but we use it often and it sharpens well .
i am about to say bye to it .
makes even the cheapest of knifes seem expensive .
many other conversion calculators make this difficult-not here .
performs as you would expect in the kitchen .
this case fits my wife 's iphone 4 perfectly .
i got this to go with my red cable .
everyone of them has been happy with it .
i predict many years of great mixing ahead .
i actually used it for about 4 months .
the screen protector scratched , my screen stayed perfect .
2 stars for no solo singing and creepy voice .
i will say those are probably the factory-secondary products .
i started being super careful with the second one .
they are the easiest to use for arthritic hands .
but they are flexible and still fit perfectly .
and after all that , the base broke too .
wait until s/he is ready for real fingerpaint .
this has to be some kind of pricing error .
i just ordered a blendtec hp3a , review pending .
netset works fine except it is windows only .
unlike the built in bluetooth in my previous car .
it 's also great for corn on the cob .
i would never recommend this poc to anyone .
no energy boost felt here after a month .
this is a super bargain on this pastry blender .
i can zest 2 oranges in a few minutes .
plus the worries of all the nasty plastics .
they are very simple devices and super inexpensive .
i was very excited to find this product .
i have been using this grill for 2 years .
this face wash made my face very dry .
i also have a car with a usb port .
not a small rip but at least an inch .
i wish i knew which apps caused it .
until we also had a screw top bottle .
she like the feel & how durable it is .
again it is sold as a special feature .
i make my own pizzas with whole wheat dough .
it does not snug well on my phone .
it does offer subtle softness after washing my face .
bought this fan to help circulate air year round .
what a terrible product ! sent it back immediately .
scratching your cones means you will remove the chrome .
the outer case clamps the silicon case in place .
save your money and invest in a better juicer .
otherwise , the veggies are simply not cooked enough .
no phones currently support all of these bands .
it protects your phone like you would n't believe .
only the beltclip part was in the packaging .
wait for the orange heating light to go out .
it cooks evenly and is a good heavy pan .
she used it for a few months then stopped .
we used the humidifier for approx three months .
thus cosmetic manufacturers may use any ingredient they choose .
just be sure to have a light hand ! .
even 2 year old tired of it immediately .
it makes roasting meat as easy as 1-2-3 .
if you want an ipod get an ipod .
i will be looking at their dehydrators next .
even with lots of washings , it does great .
this is a great solution and i love it .
this maker is not a belgian maker as stated .
impressed by that , i went onto onion rings .
ground up 5 lbs of turkey breast for sausage .
i purchased this just a couple of weeks ago .
concept is great , product does not hold up .
who knew something so thin could work so good .
great case bought 2 for my 4 and 4s .
no problem to read all types of flash memory .
my only regret is not getting a bigger size .
this set of tools gripped the screw heads perfectly .
this product just did n't do it for me .
it works just as well as a wall charger .
i am currently using a gevalia espresso roast .
some whisks have thin handles that can be uncomfortable .
i used it on potatoes and it worked great .
one step on the cord and it came apart .
love it much more than my henckel santoku .
definitely not worth the price and the shipping .
with baldurs gate infinity engine , it was customizable .
still the best gym investment i have made .
it cleans up well in the dishwasher too .
the voice acting is very poorly done however .
it works fast save time and easy clean up .
other than the graphics this game is terrible .
i heard it was good so i want it .
it does everything i would ever need it to .
delivery a little slow other than that its .
after only 3 uses , the heating unit failed .
i can not in good faith recommend this food .
a lot of time searching for this specific game .
it 's kept my iphone4 in basically perfect condition .
i got this along with the salt mill .
i could n't even give these away to family .
these knives should always be washed immediately after use .
the performance of the touch-screen is very good .
if it were up 2 my 14 yr .
i have two of this exact buckets now .
hard not to like at this reasonable price ! .
one licked one and stopped and turned away .
they stop working after a 2 month use .
this one will protect your item but it cracks .
the rowents lasted one year before losing heat .
i saw one for the nook thinking about it .
sunbeam ca n't hold a light to this ka .
the wood handle could be a bit longer .
this game is not a perfect and exciting game .
liking this licorice would be an acquired taste .
but i do like the compartments w/in the compartments .
i have big minor issues with this unit .
i was disappointed , as i liked this design .
not nearly as powerful as my countertop pik .
makes excellent coffee and enough for a small group .
the integrated remote control and microphone works very well .
i have not had this problem at all .
i suppose this is due to the anti-glare feature .
i applied it only once & threw it away .
it seems cheap and the material is very bad .
thus the protection for arms and back is lost .
not easy to clean and food sticks to it .
it would break in about 6 months or less .
this lotion was way to strong for my senses .
i love thai food and this was a disappointment .
i 've tried many different types of hawthorn strainers .
it might actually make it a little worse .
holds and locks nicely for storage and turning .
coffee is going for style instead of function .
this case has saved his ipod several times already .
three months after purchase , our coffee grinder died .
unfortunately this did n't work with my office chair .
i was expecting something with a citrus flavor .
this happens on both regular moviess and dvd-r media .
it is also expensive for such a small bar .
i love this simple , inexpensive bathtub overflow cap .
the only con is that it 's extremely long .
immediately replaced it with this one from amazon .
my old vacuum was a fantom cyclone xt .
they are expensive but well worth the cost .
this manual can opener works like a charm .
the super hyper spirit bomb usually killed one hit .
could not get any power through the outlets .
still to me it was money out the window .
but then they sat on it for five months .
they can be used for so many different applications .
even liver was made tasty with the pressure cooker .
and worse.imodium itself is good at what it does .
these are way too sweet for my taste .
there are two serious problems with this pepper mill .
as it turns out , i use it often .
i do n't know how this got good reviews .
i have half a dozen iphone 4 cases .
i can easily recognize people at 700 yards .
sound quality was not as good as the sony .
i was very excited when this game came out .
i bought these trays for my nesco snackmaster fd-60 .
it is solid , heavy and comfortable to use .
that in and of itself is a chore .
the search for a great eye shade continues .
maybe i have been lucky to not break it .
the earlier plantronics was also very good as well .
i did nothing else different from my normal routine .
or use one of the flat disk filters .
it ships with an 8 gb microsd card .
beauty is my passion , so i try everything .
i took tender loving care of it too .
it then started giving me problem after problem .
you ca n't go wrong with this waffle maker .
i really dont like the rest of the kit .
this is an amazing knife for the price .
this pitcher is perfect for one or two people .
the slighest drop of water will blow it up .
i like little things , specifically little sweet things .
at that point i have to toss it .
however , they are much smaller than i anticipated .
shorter in length than it looks in the picture .
in fact , i buy them by the case .
this lid lifter is well-made and works well .
i wish the wires were a little thicker .
i bought it to use as a coffee roaster .
also , the stethoscope was really hard to hear .
very solid built and appears to handle dishwasher .
too much a hassle to send them back .
i just took it away and hid it .
this simple design works great to peel garlic .
i 'm pretty much done with plantronics for bt .
these are adorable and the colors are vibrant .
it may not be waterproof but it will do .
my jars all arrived unbroken , and no chips .
it is well constructed and easy to use .
these are very small and a light tannish color .
i read some reviews stating that it is noisy .
this is the second unit i have purchased .
the spread on the five was about 12 inches .
only down fall is not that visible in sunlight .
we even prefer it to our pizza stone .
it works perfectly for what i use it for .
so i thought i would give this a try .
even on high it is not that warm .
as a result , every fight feels the same .
black and decker did not support the repair .
as long as the devices are 500ma ea .
the colors are not bright even with primer .
i stopped using it because it was impractical .
the coconut water has a rotten smell to it .
i can wash it easily after frying chicken .
this is not what was expected at all .
it makes the carpet look and feel new .
the circular dial actually holds via magnet to that .
plastic that covering the screen very easy to scratch .
there were maybe 5 balls that met my expectations .
my cat is not interested in these at all .
comes to about mid-calf on my 5'9 '' husband .
you can see where the handle was snapped off .
i do n't think she appreciates the surface feeling .
and forgot that i was wearing my jabra easygo .
ago being too narrow and squishing my toes together .
i was afraid of breaking the new ipod .
i have a few complaints about the cord .
i guess you get what you pay for .
beats a non recyclable can of pam anytime .
my kitties prefer toys with valerian root scent .
a plus is the magnetic back and easel foot .
now i going to throw out all 15 cups .
the auction bidding is the most noticeable one .
you end up repeatedly trying to pluck a hair .
way too heavy caused breakouts after one use .
it feels nice in the hand and fits snug .
then they were back to being suction cup shape .
i am going back to all stainless steel cookware .
why ca n't these corporate types get it right .
got this for my brother for his iphone 3gs .
i definitely got 6 months use out of it .
i highly recommend this item for the price .
the back rode up and the hook area scratched .
this is simply the best case money can buy .
the absolute worst dreamcast game i have ever played .
i hand wash the pan all the time .
this blade makes a fine crushed ice pretty quickly .
i think these are really impressive when entertaining .
they were easy to assemble and look very nice .
i would update to 4 stars if i could .
this toothbrush was no different than a regular toothbrush .
the leather is soft and construction is good .
it had a lot of things going for it .
using the reset switch was of no effect .
once it dies i will purchase a better unit .
they are perfectly weighted and they just feel good .
i can run 3-4 hour easily with extreme use .
i only used it because it was necessary .
this is my second comment on this card .
i had that walled until 2011 or 2012 .
no hemmed elastic liner in the waste band .
i made sure to preheat it to avoid sticking .
just owning this charging sleeve is not enough .
this is a replacement for the original part .
purchased because i had a bout of achilles tendonitis .
advise you go one size up at least .
i have a problem with hard plastic ear hooks .
it is light weight and easy to manage .
the blades are not sharp for effective blending .
very flexible and can fit as u like.2 .
i have sharp knivesthat are now safer to use .
this blade is the same as the original .
i am using the meat cleavers on daily bases .
but the 'real ' plastic one works the best .
we own 4 different types for catering and display .
really am enjoying the clean that comes with it .
i wish that i had not purchased this product .
try another flavor of think thin protein bar .
the game informer review said everything about this game .
that being said , it is very poorly designed .
again i had the same absence of internet .
i paid a lot of money for it .
i am using this on my dressing table .
have some dedicated clothe rags and scrubbers to clean .
essentially they act as straws that suck in moisture .
2400 is ridiculous.creating events is like rpg maker 1 .
the only thing useful is the suction cup .
i have n't contacted the seller about it yet .
you can always run another batch through it , .
this is a good case for the money .
do not buy this juice as a drink mixer .
i added it to water both hot and cold .
they make baking dishes that are healthy for food .
i got one for my husband and me .
i was patient and continued to use it .
10 1/2 hours later , all the 25 ft .
next time i 'm not buying electronics mail order .
it really helps with sticking and clean up afterwards .
i could also just cut the plastic tabs shorter .
this way the candida is n't able to adapt .
based on no other zester i have ever used .
that in a word describes munsingwear briefs now .
this case is built to be used and abused .
this case does not stay snapped on correctly .
i have been a long time gta player .
it will stop working frequently when using the europlug .
i hate it and gave it away to someone .
this barely made it past the 2nd quarter panel .
the only thing that worked was the volume control .
wish that i would 've bought this years ago .
tried picking up tv remote and it would not .
then it did not have any voice sounds .
these will hopefully stand the test of time .
a screwdriver is recommended but not really necessary .
this toy did not last a week , however .
the cups are not padded , which i love .
this is an excellent battery with great price .
i can put an entire meal into this steamer .
i ca n't wait to start using it tomorrow .
i plan to avoid their products in the future .
the center of the eraser never erases anything .
i dont see the point in this remake .
cheap looking and imo not worth the money .
splenda can literally kill you and it will .
will be returning and getting my $ 14 back .
you have to rip the paper to fit .
i really love them , but these are ruined .
ea tech support is not much help either .
i only use mine in my electric oven now .
top half digital display disappeared during second use .
this has little if any creative play possibilites .
i really do n't like leaving 1 star reviews .
unfortunately , we were getting grounds in our coffee .
luckily i 'm handy with a needle and thread .
i wouldnt buy another one of this model .
i do n't get upset like so many others .
i ordered another set about a month ago .
the menus fly around , most of the time .
fast ship and very pleased with the product .
they are connectors , what more can you say .
the size is okay and it looks fine .
puzzled , i contemplated on what i did wrong .
we even take pancakes as snacks in the car .
it is the quietest humidifier i 've ever had .
i use this in the field and while driving .
material seems like it is of great quality .
it is very sharp ad makes peeling very easy .
none of this is possible with the radio shark .
very pleased with delivery time , product and price .
causes loose teeth , then you need dental surgeries .
then i was trying to grap the top holder .
once they are on they work great.buy these .
i have enjoyed using this product over the years .
good luck wanting to get out of bed though .
but there may be a reason for this .
nice big opening for chunky garlic cloves and ginger .
for these reasons , i took a star away .
the product is good quality and came packaged appropriately .
all of the ones i ever bought have anyway .
a bit shocked by the lack of quality here .
it has not been used to jump start .
this is not a big advantage for me .
i use it a few times a day .
plenty of time to get that second cup .
some of the new clothing looks cool too .
it stays on the kitchen counter for easy access .
i checked with logitech support and they confirmed .
it made no difference , the trackball did nothing .
this one is nice and loud and very clear .
it pops very quickly and is easy to use .
in no way do i recommend purchasing this item .
the size chart was a little miss leading .
i do not recommend buying this at all .
need to be super careful with this tool .
keeps stuff off the sheet while it cools .
someone said the range is about 15 feet .
they are beautiful and very nordic in design .
anyway , this drink is all about the marketing .
just one caution , do not add additional salt .
the quiches can now be thicker and bigger .
the cable is good motorola quality and great length .
my kids use it and it has n't broke .
exactly the same as if there were no protector .
i own the item myself and love it .
you can see my review of the overnite cream .
just so you can see where you are going .
and the delivery time was rather good as well .
i still have privacy screen , after 4 months .
i even added a duster and wisk broom .
i guess it just was not powerful enough .
it basically does what it 's described to do .
i suggest you buy them for grilling shrimp .
it does not launch the clay targets high enough .
push down harder and it just stops turning .
i use this santoku for preparing sashimi and carpaccio .
adds two to three inches to the water level .
the phone does not shake around like some mounts .
it is much less comfortable than it should be .
our cat does not like it at all .
i gamble on cheap products like this sometimes .
i also have a plantronics backbeat go 2 .
do yourself a favor and get something else .
the feel of the case is the worst aspect .
not a good treat for a dog digestion .
when i wear them i get oodles of compliments .
perhaps lighter colors would n't show that as much .
all 4 of us actually spit it out .
i also had to use multiple tips very quickly .
he wanted this toy so badly from santa .
the product comes in a frustration free packaging .
we have these on the awning of our rv .
all steel and glass construction makes cleanup a breeze .
i ran across this in a retail store .
looked silky and and had a shine like polyester .
ps3 does not support some hd audio format .
i applied the buttercreme while my hair was wet .
the nokia e71 is alot easier to use .
this diffuser sticks out perpendicular to the wall .
let 's see how long the second one lives .
this happened to me everytime the phone rang .
it was like they came off a griddle .
america 's test kitchen gave it very good rating .
just a cheap black rifle case with sufficient padding .
they worked fine at first , then got fuzzier .
a 12 month would make a lot more sense .
motorola is no longer top notch in bluetooth creation .
would rather have it the other way around .
be careful of the magnets on the back .
i gave up and returned them all together .
i wish i could get my money back .
the 5g has two places to plug things in .
i love it ! its cheap but good quality .
this arrived in excellent condition and on time .
i love the ability to deglaze with high heat .
i have a strong gag reflex to this stuff .
i hope to never have to find out .
as for attracting dust - mine has yet to .
even has the same sprint marking on the cover .
popcorn in for about 3-4 minutes in microwave .
i usually toss it in a drawer fairly carelessly .
i bought this because my original charger cable broke .
or less of old maids with each batch .
plus this vignetting is not a pleasing vignette .
this injector has not worked for me at all .
he would rather play the ipad or the wii .
the remaining ones are going in the trash .
i would rate myself a 5/10 coffee expert .
there super sturdy and the washer cleans them right .
on mine , it actually was a perfect fit .
definitely worth the 5.00 i paid for it .
i hate using aluminum pans with the nonstick coat .
plus , it dripped little droplets all over me .
she likes to make kettle popcorn with different flavors .
love the case ! durable and fits pretty good .
too bad ea had to ruin it with this .
i love mine for making new york-style cheesecake .
initially i was very impressed with the watch .
the audio quality of this splitter was horrendous .
i ordered this case for business and dressy occassions .
great for phone calls and long-term wearing though .
i 'm accustomed to the heavier calphalon commercial pots .
it is microwave and dishwasher top rack safe .
i used it to bake a pair of baguettes .
unfortunately it frankly did very little for my skin .
there is no way i would use these .
i am much happier with the stainless replacements .
i guess it seeps in under the plastic lid/handle .
the whiteness fainted some but it is still there .
a little bulky as is common for flip phones .
she has been using it since she was 20 .
i love the handles for flipping the cakes out .
other sites sell similar products for about $ 25 .
i will be getting a second set soon ! .
we used it religiously for about a week .
at retail stores they charge $ 24.99 or more .
maybe the bar was just set too high .
i do recommend these to people with smaller dogs .
and this is an easy way to get started .
promptly returned to store.avoid this and save syourself headache .
i never use soap on the cast iron pans .
i would give them zero stars if possible .
in effect camera became inoperational.sent it to olympus .
these are great for a multitude of reason .
i really wish the epic was made better .
clip is strong enough to hook on jeans pocket .
it must be an insulation de-fect or design flaw .
i would recommend them as a good purchase .
it 's cheap because it is very cheaply made .
my 6lbs pekepoo is almost too big for it .
had to replace as soon as i received it .
this is a reusable parchment paper that works great .
great match with the skinomi tech skin screen protector .
like say when its sitting on a shelf .
i hate hair on my chest so got this .
any safety pin would remove your sim card .
works a a support on the coffee table .
buy a good antenna and be done with it .
i have purchased the itorch and i love it .
also have cooked whole chickens and other foods .
the set up is very easy but weird .
easy cleanup and everything works perfectly years later .
i took one sip and it was horrible .
connected all the wires and plugged it in .
my current load on the outlet is low .
sometimes you get products with a strong rubber smell .
it is lightweight and provides optimal battery backup .
my wife uses to keep grease from splattering .
the inner cap provides a very solid seal .
wish i never got it for my mother .
this product is good , but tastes rather bland .
i can wear them around the house without issue .
there are no starwarsy events to participate in .
did the same thing and stopped working after awhile .
i just learned how to can dry goods .
this is a very comfortable bowl to use .
i had to pry it open with a screwdriver .
with two players , the game ends pretty quickly .
i did n't have to wait endlessly for it .
after reading many reviews i decided on this one .
civ3 just seemed like a huge step backwards .
this protector is soooo easy to put on correctly .
there is an emptiness to consistency of the bar .
i suspect that this product will be reliable indefinitely .
ii bought this cover for my daughter 's phone .
this was over the top in my opinion .
could never get our frenchie to use this .
you would have to tap the buttons twice .
i will never get used to that smell .
oh wait i am reviewing another game now .
i have a small brush to clean the bowl .
my ceramic straightner does better curls than this thing .
as an italian i use a lot of garlic .
we have enjoyed the versitality of this quesadilla maker .
i wanted sooo badly to like this toy .
this really did not do anythign for my pimples .
i could n't identify any oolong flavor at all .
i am dumping tanks a few times a week .
this product is easy and seems to work well .
i can not recommend this solution under any circumstances .
it can hear everything then.the speaker is also poor .
it is made from a single piece of beechwood .
this product should be removed from the market .
now i do n't have to worry about dust .
it fits tight and hard to draw the gun .
they pull on my nail and tear it .
for this reason alone nikon gets one star .
i factor this in to my processing time .
this is a large rig that works well .
but that 's just the icing on the cake .
henckels 8 piece fine edge synergy block set .
however the clothes were still too large for me .
then the game starts and i quickly realized 1 .
i assembled this bench right after it was delivered .
this is a regular puffed cereal with vanilla flavor .
this had to be invented by a women .
thats not a big deal for me though .
after about a months use they failed too .
this worked easily with the wide mouth jars .
they were all in the trash bin long ago .
they also seem to be a lot more sturdier .
i also use skinomi tech skins on my devices .
this is the height of simplicity and solid design .
i have at least 5 pair of keen 's .
good product for convenient and compact clothing collection .
yes , i know i can get it repaired .
nice portable size and serves its intended purpose .
and that 's saying something on this console system .
i love the headset but the lifter is weird .
also the material is slightly scratchy and uncomfortable .
this timer is extremely small and light weight .
it 's better suited as a small water bowl .
this product is described very well in the description .
these shipped fast and are true to size .
do not waste your money on this game .
we also got one of the covers for it .
i tried this one for about 3 weeks .
though i could barely sleep , i kept trying .
i took this like it said , 5 capsules .
i received this in a runny clotted condition .
it was ready to go before i was .
the lodge pan - i saw both in stores .
lavazza produces the best espresso beans according to me .
none of them had suffered damage during shipping .
i tried the sample , and it seemed ok .
replaced with wine enthusiast electric blue push-button corkscrew .
this one wo n't be warping in the oven .
i was ready to put it in the garbage .
i got these as a gift for my nieces .
would strongly recommend the snackmaster brand over this one .
i do n't understand all the 5-star reviews here .
at least loud enough to hear beyond the kitchen .
i love the argyle pattern on the back .
sometimes the character models and environments look fantastic .
excellent head set for years i keep ordering it .
i opened it and it charged my phone .
the buttons fit perfectly and they are aligned right .
you kinda have to fight with it alittle .
it never worked properly and provided very slow connection .
i love the vibrant red color of this case .
now have two spares to keep in the drawer .
i use it on both global and other knives .
none of which seemed to have any affect .
i opened the package the drive was poorly packaged .
the quality and was better than i expected .
i have purchased this brand for many years .
in most rpgs i 'm not a sidequest player .
the wheel in the middle keeps falling off .
hers just stopped working a couple months back .
but will come in handy for the holidays .
i am learning how to use that pretty easily .
sight attachment looks cool but is useless in practice .
those two stockings were for her malamute and chihuahua .
i received this as a gift many years ago .
takes decent pictures and the mount/case works great .
there are many other problems related to this bug .
the ones i received were marked dirt devil .
i bought this toaster based mainly on its looks .
i tried it on once and was livid .
what a waste of cash on this stuff .
i am changing the stars down to 1 .
plugging it in turns the popper on currently .
but the dye runs when it gets wet .
do not buy huawei products of any kind .
i bought 2 of these tubs for kitchen tasks .
i was happy to throw this one away .
especially for someone setting up a new kitchen .
i wanted something fun and girly for my phone .
leapster recommends you have a 256mb card for this .
they are a must for drying small herbs .
still for the price you can not go wrong .
to my disappointment , this reader is incredibly slow .
i just ordered another grinder just for my spices .
i just find it a blast to use .
the price was just right for this item .
then years later and more people in the house .
i have tried everything and she spits it out .
but the whole thing seems to be well made .
i think i liked the soft black or taupe .
this could be water for all i know .
why did the antients keep eating this stuff ? .
they are the worst part of this game .
so glad i purchased all three of them .
no seperate switches for air cleaning and humidifying .
when we received this opener , we loved it .
there is no need to hit the meat .
when mounted you can even operate the phone i.e .
curious in control smells like cheap deodorant spray .
i hope it lasts as long as my rival .
hopefully they 'll have it worked out by then .
but it really is high quality and performs well .
it is completely reversible if you would need it .
taste is ok but i am not reordering it .
i am running out of options here dear entrepreneurs .
i used to purchase the box bacon pre-cooked .
i 'm really glad i rented this game first .
no pc cheats or hints anywhere on the web .
works just as good without breaking the bank .
save your money and get a better brand .
and it does the job when i need it .
it is a good holder and pretty sturdy too .
great as an indian food side dish or ingredient .
this drive is good for 2 months or so .
this thing charges anything i can hook to it .
i thought this was a really good price .
it ended up being the my favorite spatula .
no water on the counter is also nice .
i plan to try cookies and artisan breads soon .
this is a great case for protecting your iphone .
the call quality and microphone are also good quality .
bought this to keep my min pin busy .
and then i hated it enough to pitch out .
it 's okay for small things but not great .
exceptional material with excellent handiwork on the cathedral designs .
: ) dishwasher safe like any other glass cups .
holds a charge better than the factory battery .
other than that , really cheap but good product .
it is the same rubbery consistency as a balloon .
this is very sturdy and holds tons of stuff .
unfortunantly i am unable to use this product .
i ordered a size medium belt for my boyfriend .
even the human enemies have only two types .
the shipping and service from the retailer was excellent .
fast and has good instructions that come with grinder .
we just purchased a second one as a backup .
i use it daily and so far so good .
for the price it is a great deal .
i was surprised at how quickly the oven heated .
i expected a thermometer that went to -40f .
this thing is dirt cheap and stupid simple .
it was very traumatic to say the least .
one useless item and money go down the drain .
wrong plug for my computer..makes it worthless to me .
or prevent it from staying in the grabber .
i see on point in the touch screen .
this bad boy makes things a lot easier .
this is a sugar stick without flavor or smell .
the lock works good and smoothly , seems durable .
belt clip is thoughtfully designed and works well .
this exceeded my expectations and looks great too .
i expected the phone cover to last longer .
he has one in each vehicle he drives .
however , i was greatly disappointed in this product .
the openings to my ears are average size .
we bought this at the recommendation of a friend .
a perfect size for a multitude of cutting .
now planning on getting two more of the same .
i figured it is the cheapo plastic stock .
there is a learning curve on using this press .
all connections fit well and it does the job .
i ended up ordering a grind to fit pad .
these oats are so overpriced as to be offensive .
i 'm amazed at how bad it really is .
there are other , better options for cat beds .
what is left probably wo n't last another week .
especially because this train is a christmas toy .
keeps the screen protected and is bubble free .
i am not a fan of sour grape .
i am so pleased i am ordering another one .
because this does n't even seem like crayola quality .
i got to admit my dogs ate this food .
just after closing google maps or other programs .
this means it is fit for human consumption .
they hold them at just above ear level .
and please , hand wash your good knives only .
there is no obvious way to tighten this up .
i will definitely do business with them again ! .
put the suitable plug into the charger socket.b .
installed this and the mega super antenna option .
the cans would n't stack properly in the cupboard .
i was trying different products to help him .
but then winter came and it got too cold .
ten from one corner of the package were broken .
the pre-seasoned skillet makes getting into it very easy .
a process that takes a couple of minutes .
i love the way it is shaped and made .
so i guess it was a good buy .
i do not recommend for dogs with teeth .
for a battery stick vac it 's not bad .
i had a toy piano when i was small .
perfect for stylish storage of bulk rice and flower .
monster are the only brand that regularly blow out .
you will not be disappointed with this kitchenaid .
i also never used pam on the surface .
buy this phone you will not regret it .
this mop usually ends up staying inside the closet .
but i guess you get what you paid for .
even then i only get 4-6 hours sleep .
it is the worst tasting spirulina i have tried .
i will never be without one of these .
we bought the attachments for the mixer too .
just a lot of hokey useless advice websites .
like all pyrex products a must in every kitchen .
i have never been so embarrassed in my life .
at first they fit well and were comfortable .
it is a very slow and rather boring game .
this appears to be the authentic otterbox commuter case .
flat surface is perfect for my flat top stove .
sim card worked fine on another unlocked nokia phone .
i do n't even have to peel the garlic .
i wish i can give 4 1/2 stars .
i had high hopes for the flea trap .
stumbled here looking for a replacement for this .
just pay the money for a better quality lotion .
it just does n't cut it for that purpose .
this shampoo is totally drying and not moisturizing whatsoever .
skip the tilt feature , it is not useful .
this pops nearly all of the popcorn up .
although , i would not recommend their branded popcorn .
i see these in the mall for 20 bucks .
the taste is only slight more flavorful than water .
it has multiple hand holds , which is nice .
try it with the king arthur pasta flour .
i loved how fast it got to my home .
the coffee in the carafe stays hot too .
feel safer now if it were to drop .
you can also transfer your pod casts too .
the taste was unpleasant despite what others describe .
now read the last ingredient of this cream .
oxo has become one of my favorite brands .
these to not fit my galaxy s 2 .
pizzazz 's forced air causes the moisture to evaporate .
he liked it and said it was good .
they are quite comfortable and have an excellent balance .
the bottles leak if laid down on their sides .
i have yet to test if dishwasher safe .
great for either stove top or oven roasting .
it also has a fairly narrow angle of adjustability .
this might just be a one time scenario .
so 2 stars for not being complete liars .
i 've found bye bye blemish 10x more effective .
no problem with the seller , just the product .
i expect these glasses to last many years .
it did n't make it past the first month .
the case doesnt offer much protection to my phone .
this is a well made , heavy duty scraper .
the grinder has never bogged down or clogged up .
we 'd definitely buy another set in the future .
one model walked off the counter and crashed .
you use to have quality i could trust .
this suits a manly woman or a gay man .
the machine stopped working only after a few weeks .
definitely tastes like an artificially sweetened diet product .
for the price this thing is pretty great .
i definitely like having the back side protector .
they also lose their seal without visible cracks .
this is the best design i 've seen yet .
again , assuming your cup/mug is 12oz or less .
in summer it is the perfect bedroom fan .
my dish feels very solid to the touch .
so , i returned the item to amazon unopened .
it works well on my older glass top range .
the case looked better online , than in hand .
i bought this today to see what i thought .
some reviewers complained of grounds in the coffee .
i have tried just about every litter box made .
a few months later , the unit is dead .
it arrived on time/when they said it would arrive .
what a mess ! it never really mixed in .
a pressure cooker is always a pain to use .
thank you amazon for taking care of your customers .
it has one 1amp and one 2amp plug .
these are very much convienent and easy to use .
it was easy to put on my phone .
it certainly should have handled these ingredients quite easily .
awesome for frying in our big nonstick frying pan .
the rug had a carpet pad underneath it .
it is just to thick of a mixture .
it was so bad that i returned it .
we started a healthy eating plan a month ago .
you have to call the number to do anything .
i was surprised when i received this scope .
now i get a lady on the phone .
apparently they have a very high rate of doa .
there 's also a sharpener in it for scissors .
its cheap but fits well without added bulk .
is is a small cutting board for quick uses .
just swipe the blade through it several times .
i have n't dropped it once yet doing this .
i have been using derma blend since 2003 .
the first one came with the bunn coffee maker .
these speakers initially sounded just great for the price .
make sure to rent it before you buy it .
i still think this is a great crock pot .
how about a half-done chicken breast ( 1/2 lb .
neither would stay connected to our honda odyssey .
i thought i was going to be disappointed .
but then the rubber coating started to peel off .
first , practical dimensions:5 1/2 in tall without lid .
now it seems there are many more choices .
a previous reviewer mentioned having to carry 2 chargers .
it does n't really have that good of coverage .
highly recommend this maker to anyone who loves coffee .
it frees up a lot of counter space .
the glass turned smooth after the first use .
i got it in a deal for 5 $ .
i prefer using all-purpose flour from king arthur flour .
my daughter love love love the toy story movies .
we have used different grinders for many years .
the bristles are too soft and become deformed .
the bails really do wear faster than i expected .
i am pleased with this purchase and would recommend .
monkeys in the rain-forest sound are kind of annoying .
these were just as bad as all the rest .
no problems except my beans were over cooked .
i guess you get what you pay for .
comfortable around the neck and i forget about them .
you must use a little oil to prevent sticking .
it was beautifuland sparking when i received it .
the good news is that it does work .
it seems like mgs is heavy on story time .
this game is like the worst game ever made .
the constantly shifting camera does n't help things either .
you are better off with sticks and grass .
bc no one order this stuff like me .
will never run phone without an otter again .
this kettle heats quickly and has a loud whistle .
that makes it hard to apply much force .
wouldnt recommend for people with thick course hair .
we have the iphone 5c and these fit perfectly .
we purchased this item along with their smaller companions .
amazon service i give a 10 being great .
would have thought the cuisinart name stood for better .
i would still purchase it at the current price .
save your money and get two towers instead .
i recommend the kitchenwears herbal design apron instead .
best part about it is no clean up .
works really well and looks very good too .
the bumper worked great and fit great also .
very pleased with the product and the price .
definitely not the keyboard for writers or coders .
we bought this pan over two years ago .
the very next puzzle had a similar problem .
this is the phoniest haircolor i have ever used .
the bowl and hook are not hard to clean .
what i really like is the improved on/off switch .
the only complaint is i wish it was bigger .
i am very pleased with this can opener .
this product has not worked for me at all .
i thought it would be a dried crunchy peapod .
the good news is that the case is cheap .
it came with a whole lotta stains on it .
they came on time and in good shape .
so i had to crazy glue it back on .
you can really feel your phone is protected .
it took about a month to get this item .
th filter plunger would stick at the top .
the hard rubber handle shows no sign of age .
helps keep the phone clear and from any scratches .
after the first use it warped rather severely .
i would pay much more for this product .
with minimal usage it is already showing some scuffs .
we got these for use in our business .
my old blender was dying a slow painful death .
i finally use dove that i bought at costco .
better than the last carafe type maker i had .
so i am posting a five star also .
this cover is great and stands for itself .
i bought this in addition to my ninja .
at last i have found the perfect coffee maker .
the thing is most likley 24 years old .
it is a great size for 4 small/medium-sized pancakes .
needless to say this pump is going back ! .
i bought this for carving turkeys and large roasts .
my old oster jar base was falling apart .
this screen , though cheap delivers exactly as described .
the base is round , about 3 inches across .
it is a great improvement over manual sharpeners .
this is a very nice case for the money .
i wish i would have picked a simpler one .
i wish they had one for kindle as well .
i have used bed head manipulator for years .
i use them as swimming ear plugs now .
and once you die you come back to life .
the magnet in the stick needs to be stronger .
coffee machine that was just too much trouble .
these eye makeup remover pads are just okay .
her first phone is running stock and operates beautifully .
works great for turkey and well as thick steaks .
i always have a couple rolls on hand .
my skin felt tight and not soft or hydrated .
makes my phone even more attractive than without it .
coffee automatic burr mill grinder to replace this one .
i charged it while the device was inactive .
it may not be a daily case for people .
it works but unfortunately the cons outweigh the pros .
i had really high hopes for this soup .
it can also froth milk for your coffee .
even when it 's the little things in life .
lightweight and stand up in my drying rack .
would not take the chance on this brand again .
it also goes two days on the same battery .
this car charger is high quality and works great .
your blocks you broke then fill your opponents wall .
i purchased this model about 3 years ago .
my daughter asked for a metal pasta server .
the music sucks and so does the fighting systems .
you dont even aim or shoot the gun .
this shipper includes extra covers just for this reason .
he says it is working like it should .
do not think i will buy from this store .
i have purchased many garlic presses over the years .
it does exactly what i wanted it to do .
needs potting soil which adds to the cost.3 .
this white one is not in the same class .
all in all though , good for the price .
came with more parts than what were required .
hard to find a good qulaity items for iphone3 .
clean and well made of good grade plastic .
i purchased these since i travel a lot .
the shoe states that it is suede upper .
jars are good quality and came well packed .
the developers did n't work very hard on it .
its what i guess i will call plome .
they need an isolation filter and better shielding .
i had these in a dark red patent .
i used to dread making batters until these whisks .
hate that stuff like this can be messed with .
i can always use it to frame something else .
lets open the shades and kill the lights .
i ordered these and they do not fit .
this is a great basic water bath canner .
i would buy again if i needed one .
i have a very nice shiny black luxury car .
though the expandable waist factor is a creative idea .
buy levis because it is a trusted brand .
not any longer and not any noticeably fuller .
i am new to the whole iron pan world .
the design will cause it to firmly attach .
use on the side of my stainless sink .
seems like a strange way to build brand loyalty .
the thing works great and i highly recommend it .
i bought 2 of these units for my apartment .
i guess one never knows until one tries .
more comfortable than the original ear hook as well .
i have never tried it for making real donuts .
these are definitely quality and meant to last .
unlike many fiesta bowls , these are easily stacked .
there is n't a lot to say about these .
moved the radio four feet and problem solved .
they basically run and shoot a lot mindlessly .
they are heavy duty and easy to clean .
worse than not having anything under my eye shadows .
i ran it while showering at 6:00 a.m .
i would never advise anyone to buy it .
i love color and these give them to me .
the rubber fits snug and it is very protective .
there are only three issues to know about .
the dock has a very clean look as well .
other than that i would recommend this product .
not the mdr-v600 ! these are very different phones .
the glaive is pretty weak as a weapon .
worse , when i went to order a 2nd .
we had trouble with it from the beginning .
when pushed down , the lever pops back out .
dropped my phone a gazillion times , no damage .
even a rectangular pizza is an added plus .
today is my first time actually putting it on .
and the fruit punch taste was simply terrible .
do use a few drops of fat when appropriate .
i saw others complained about the same thing .
these oxo tongs are more versatile than that .
i called the toll free number , and waited .
wouldnt buy this again and wouldnt recommend it .
not worth replacing , should of read the reviews .
this product is like a form of black magic .
but the coffee does not taste very good .
my husband is a big poached egg fan .
there is even room for the usb charging cable .
all of the fun parts of 2 are gone .
never add oil/butter to the pan before pre-heating it .
also , there are way too many of them .
this maybe the sorriest folding saw on the market .
a clever way to store your unused bags .
trader joes sell a reasonably priced calcium/magnesium/zinc supplement .
will be getting more products from thisseller for sure.therese .
i am hoping this one holds up better .
this is fairly annoying since the sound changes .
take a page out of leapfrog and fisher price .
bubbles are really small and very difficult to remove .
this is much better than the standard charger .
i bought it because the reviews were decent .
the norpro egg rite timer has never failed me .
upping my rating from a ** to *** .
my two dogs and husband track it in .
very stylish towel/cloth holder in a nice stainless steel .
i bought two of these several months ago .
this is a positive credit for the seller .
plus the additional width is noticable.- usb cable .
she wanted a little boom boom like daddy .
that said it 's still really simple to install .
he has runny eye and this did n't help .
then i made another batch of that pizza dough .
her phone look good and she like the colour .
the teeth probably should be made of metal .
these do a good job making nasty water good .
the primer is cakey and a sticky mess .
it is very easy to rinse and reuse .
even with gel inserts these were very uncomfortable .
i grill salmon two or three times a week .
this product did what it is intended for .
they look like bmp images done with ms paint .
it goes on easily and has staying power .
but i have tested it against the droid charge .
you have to buy the dromadary bag for this .
this is partially due to the extremely fine grind .
i am being generous in giving 2 stars .
also needs to be dust and particles free .
still others have larger pockets for the ken onioin .
drastic change to this product from what is pictured .
quality materials that feel good in ones hand .
highly recommend to anyone needing this type case .
i have used this case for a while now .
the igo chargers and tips are really great .
if you are fair , you should be fine .
the adventures of rocky and bullwinkle - gb23 .
i would recomend rechargeable batteries for this toy .
it is just too strong though i diluted it .
they are so easy to use and clean .
crispy orange cookies -- zest of 2 oranges .
this was perfect for the wedding cake i created .
usb cord works well , never presenting a problem .
i am slowly replacing all my pans with these .
this is not what a tutorial is about .
i sent the item back for a refund .
we are so disappointed with this coffee maker .
it was the toe thong ; pinchy and stiff .
vinegar seems to remove splotches and water rings .
i loved it then and i love it now .
i am impressed by the brightness of the lens .
one for my wife and one for me .
now i am using a tacima step-down transformer .
i wished i had purchased one many years ago .
the whole exterior has an attractive mirror polish .
this is confirmed by tests that others have done .
i regret buyingthisin bulk without trying it first .
the quality of materials and workmanship is noticeably less .
washes up nicely and perfect for a party .
the edges are not smooth but instead rough .
perfect for when you want a slip type case .
my dog began pushing her bowl around in protest .
other reviewer paid over $ 4 and was complaining .
this product arrived at my home on time .
but this is true for every chopper made .
i have no idea they 'd work so well .
but those are minor and pale in comparison .
its not a big issue for me 'though .
the melissa and doug fastener board is awesome though .
my kids did n't eat hardly anything from it .
that sounds like pride ? insulting to all americans .
when open , the tongs are 6.5 inches apart .
if i remember to use it -- phenomenal results .
it is so important to get a fresh batch .
i can always depend on the pyrex brand .
just like other descriptions-good quality for the price .
this thing works just as i hoped it would .
it is crystal clear and covers the screen perfectly .
the price is low but ugly is ugly .
jasmine rice has the best taste to us .
now we 're off tho start the return process .
this henckels set meets all of our criteria .
she thought it tasted a little stale and bland .
here a quart of it costs about 75 cents .
so dimage 7hi owners , beware of this card .
i was suppose to get the left handed one .
i really like the feeling of the outside .
one ear gets pulled on more than the other .
i removed the case , called the same number .
it gets a solid 5 stars for sticking fast .
from the product description i thought these were perfect .
i recommend anyone to avoid purchasing this unit .
this set comes with 3 packages of moon dough .
i was intrigued by the positive reviews and price .
this case looks so real and feels real .
in moving my older square waffle iron became lost .
it looks exactly how it does in the photo .
you will definitely not get those results.my final analysis .
awesome machine but i do n't use it anymore .
this item is high quality and i recommend it .
i think its better then the pricy royal doultons .
the sound quality is pretty good , above average .
tricky to get on but they all are .
i naively chose not to listen to other reviews .
i recommend checking seriouseats if you need help .
make sure the pins line up with the contacts .
i was excited about this product for my pooch .
she lives alone and this is great for her .
i use it for anything from sandwiches to steak .
plus i like items like these that are washable .
nokia products have been famous for their extended batteries .
i then took the same picture using the d-150 .
then removed jar to cool to 110 degrees f .
cant figure out if scope works well or not .
just your run of the mill micro usb cable .
finally , i had to buy a usb keyboard .
this pan does all the little stovetop jobs fast .
we like to boil water and have tea .
it fit well and looked good on my phone .
we use this with our cast iron pan .
heavier weight then i thought they would be .
i like the oxo small scoop the best .
they click together and sound and feel very unstable .
the screen protector fits the phone just fine .
purchased for car audio listening to pandora / spotify .
plantronics is the best in headsets bluetooth or usb .
2 fit & this one was way too small .
i have more than a hundred hours experience .
i have several of these bowls in various sizes .
very easy to clean the lid and base .
what i wanted was something i could reuse .
otter box is better to protect your device .
i bought this exact product from a store locally .
i loved the sound i heard with this headphones .
these canisters really set off my red themed kitchen .
i have owned this hub for about a year .
i had one that started leaking from the o-ring .
i recommend using one of the original soundtracks .
i two lost game saves on this card .
i do not work for amazon or the seller .
ordered this in a small for my teenage daughter .
i also see their facebook update in my contacts .
we use this every night at dinner for 4 .
it works well , and cleanup is very easy .
bought this to go with our new espresso machine .
makes the process even quicker and more repeatable .
another couple of millimeters would have really helped .
it is a cute product when it works .
running 2 air purifiers is a serious comfort measure .
i do not think that the machine is heavy .
i have a special standard for bluetooth devices .
i returned the unit and got a replacement .
this dish cleans beautifully and holds a nice-sized lasagna .
it comes with a much better shooting game .
cliff and fayt are stuck in a prison cell .
an aspect i like is that it is heavy .
yes , i would recommend this to a friend .
they leave a terrible taste in your mouth .
do n't understand why people have trouble with it .
what good puzzle takes that short of time .
does a good job opening the cans too .
i really enjoyed the mirrored look to my iphone .
works very well on bare floor and carpet too .
i use this with my verizon iphone 4 .
the bottom part is for installing the sticky pad .
these containers keep everything fresh and are very convenient .
not even a thick cut pork chop at that .
the recipes that come with it are very limited .
i took this for a week as prescribed .
your use of excessive adhesive is uncalled for .
she is now deciding which type she wants .
please see my review of the sofa cover .
my husband asked for a press for mexican night .
purchase this and bring a sword to the table .
the opening needs to be a little wider .
bastexwireless has to be the worst seller on amazon .
was so useful when i was travelling this winter .
the android device does a wonderful with the gps .
those who have used both usually have a preference .
it does not even reach my belly button .
still others are too specialized in their function .
this tool is very soft/rubbery/flops around a lot .
the ones i received this time are very different .
i am totally satisfied all around with this product .
i should have paid attention to the previous reviews .
( i have very soft waves in the back .
microwave and dishwasher safe is a big plus too .
i broke mine and this was an excellent replacement .
aluminum is the next best conductor after copper .
it comes with so many attachments which is great .
i know the critics say just use a spoon .
one day , the volume rocker just fell out .
you name it , and it did it all .
this adapter works great and is nice and small .
it creates perfect grill marks on my food .
first off , i am not a sony hater .
my wife asked me order a few more .
looks like a sleek iphone james bond used .
they are almost tight enough to be considered uncomfortable .
found the exact match , all these years later .
this is the most amazing case i ever have .
the grind was amazing consistent in size though .
i will be using this for many things .
my screen has almost no oil from fingerprints .
the sound quality for voice calls is crystal clear .
you probably do not need it at all .
we also tested it outside a metal building .
second its diameter is too small for the depth .
this is a waste of time and money .
works great ! i would totally buy this again .
it was 6000mah , but bulky and relatively heavy .
they get two stars for trying to be organic .
this will work for any type of broad macaroni .
product arrived on time and was well packaged .
it was a disappointment because it was expensive .
the clean up well and i use them often .
my building has laundry rooms on every floor .
waste of time and money , but mostly time .
its a good size and clean up is easy .
i got mine locally at sur la table .
tone is warm but too mellow for my tastes .
i notified amazon that i received the wrong item .
great teaball for one or two cups of tea .
in addition , the slippers have no arch support .
i buy anything that might improve my skin .
i find the storage link to be very unreliable .
they also popped out of the holder a lot .
this product is pretty good when it works .
the top of it constantly came off as well .
i will have to look for another hand lotion .
crap ! now i have an aqueon 10 gallon .
like most other droid users battery issues are rampant .
it applies easily if you follow the instructions closely .
i put it in the phone and it works .
this soft case fits and feels really good .
this would be true for any plastic popper though .
i just broke my 3rd glass french press .
very powerful but the noise is just too much .
no problems to report with this item so far .
but within a few weeks several of those failed .
this was my worst amazon purchase by far .
it keeps turning itself on periodically throughout the day .
gave me the worst cystic ance over night .
i have had this product for several months .
i bought this to use on my walks .
no more boiling water the old fashioned way .
i own a previous version of this jump starter .
i really like the size of the battery pack .
washes up like a dream in the dishwasher too .
i can see this lasting for a long time .
it would n't take to my roots or ends .
the glove did n't help in that respect either .
i wish i had paid better attention before purchasing .
you 'll be collecting them by the bucket load .
it arrived and i used it without issue .
we searched and only found it in amazon .
i purchased this for its gluten free characteristic .
this case totally did n't fit my phone well .
the fat is reduced , that much is true .
works fine on regular white paper like printing paper .
kracker are so good i decided to try these .
its a great idea but just does n't work .
the quality and comfort has exceeded my expectations .
this was shredded in less than 10 minutes .
water boils quickly and the device switches itself off .
my primary primer is urban decay primer potion original .
it had a loose part inside and smelled awful .
it cooks faster than the teflon one i had .
there are only 2 good things about this game .
i think there are better games/value out there .
they fit about one size larger than usual .
it replaced the original knob we had that cracked .
i have had this product for over 2 years .
one you put the soap and hot water in .
this was true on both burners.coleman should be ashamed .
all the ports and camera/flash are covered for protection .
do not put the entire thing in the dishwasher .
i am very pleased with this ice bucket .
he likes it and uses it all the time .
but i find it a half-baked , overpriced product .
a friend really likes his d-link router/wireless unit .
this is why i 'm giving only two stars .
perhaps my bottle is just defective in some way .
this did not work at all for my dog .
i bought these for my 21 month old son .
this headset does everything they say it does well .
i have now gone to the i phone iv .
it looked like a friggin man purse or fannypack .
seems to not work with my cable modem .
the presto poplite is quick and easy to use .
in other words , it opens all the way .
it will hold 1/2 pound of coffee beans .
i am not sorry that i bought this .
yeah this is an amazon return for sure .
i should have just did this in the beginning .
works great never have a problem with it .
it should not be that hard to take apart .
i use it right on the table ! inexpensive .
nice visuals when using it as well.pros:1.great charging station .
used as suggested and no signs of brightness .
the flashlight feature is an excellent bonus , too .
threre was still some gel in their hair .
so this was just what i needed for her .
good luck on who else decides to purchase this .
my child was very satisfied with the case .
pictures come out crisp and the color stays true .
great for keeping rolls or biscuits warm before dinner .
it 's big and it even has a handle .
i do not understand why the directions state otherwise .
this was a second attempt at a bluetooth speakerphone .
but the electric cord is way too short .
had the 514 b router that worked great .
and worst of all they come out horribly wrinkled .
i used 2 boxes , then tossed the rest .
get the most from your wine and seal it .
this is the way professional slicers are made .
the clothing sucks so bad in this game .
i thought i was getting a great product .
baked iron frying pan will stink up your kitchen .
i found this product a mess to use .
i do not like this perfume at all .
i believe the otterboxes are a few minutes .
granted not as good as the one i lost .
sound quality is very good but not perfect .
it fell because the legs collapse very easily .
not sure if it was a coincidence or not .
the pointer does n't move smooth like regular mouse .
it managed to control all the devices i wanted .
killed 2 birds with 1 stone in this wallet .
since the battery really only lasted 4 hours .
and the white florals are n't right for me .
it was so chewy it stuck to my teeth .
there simply is n't enough power in this thing .
i had to throw out the whole thing .
very good fit and does n't loosen over time .
the amount of dirt it traps is amazing .
a sniff or 2 and then tail 's away .
i was so excited when ffxiii came out .
this item is of substantial build and high quality .
boils water plenty fast , i have no complaints .
fried up a batch of fish and chips .
this product is not made of sturdy material .
thats not really a deal breaker for me .
i wouldnt invest on it again not lasting long .
mine is not unlocked as i use tmobile .
the cookies are also perfectly round and professional looking .
they are not very good in my opinion .
i have fried chicken and other things in it .
hot is pretty hot , cool shot works great .
had one previously and the on/off switch finally broke .
perfect size - not too big or small .
i still need to keep my aaa membership .
locking feature is great and the steel is thick .
yes , the new version is made over seas .
these are just a protective and good for me .
these have n't and they must be hurting her .
it requires no thought or creativity from the child .
the verizon iphone4 fits comfortably snug into both .
this works perfect and so easy to clean too .
okay , a surge protector is not a computer .
this is the perfect chord to use when travelling .
this stuff is going into the waste bin .
seems like some other people have the same issue .
i would recomment them to all other canners .
cross my fingers that *will* work as it should .
only took two weeks for it to start unraveling .
i had n't even dreamed of such a thing .
we even dared to set it up overnight .
the suction cups on this thing are completely inadequate .
it also falls apart at the seems really easily .
we owe it to them to try to help .
this two part slow cooker is a neat idea .
my dil was very pleased to receive this .
the pasta roller and cutter exceeded my expectations .
it never tangles for me , has good body .
the n95 is not even a touch-screen device .
i spit it out because it was disgusting .
a lot of money for a leaking bottle .
i like the freedom that it gives me .
looking forward to my next batch of canning ! .
good in a small room and speaker close by .
it worked perfect until one channel died last night .
i would be embarrassed if i were dippin dots .
flat-bottom wok sits close enough to absorb all heat .
it was frustrating for kids & parents alike .
the lid makes it great for storing extras .
motorola p513 vehicle power adapter microusb rapid rate charger .
it 's very light and easy to carry around .
my forehead is wrinkly and no peeling in sight .
it works as advertised and is easy to use .
i have not had one good experience with it .
gave it as a gift and it was liked .
this shirt is very light weight and so comfortable .
the pump did get a nice level of inflation .
the product arrived quicker than expected and works perfectly .
i also bought the fine grater from this company .
forget about using it when driving a car .
i have had this product about a year now .
the controls worked fine also to skip songs .
it is the chef craft 21522 six inch .
it took about 2 minutes to brew 4 cups .
not much more evenly but a little bit .
it comes with gloves and easy-to-read bilingual instructions .
very easy to use compared to other headsets .
also the noise and light/darkness system is gone .
it looks exactly like a small doritos chip .
the price seems to reflect the product here unfortunately .
it is all the previous reviews have noted .
bought this case because , i needed it obviously .
i sharpened seventeen knifes in less that 20 minutes .
pamelas makes some good cookies , but not these .
this is a decent case for the price .
it on occasion will repeat keystrokes from the keyboard .
i guess you pay extra because it 's elmo .
it also make for a good hands free mount .
the game boy advance is clearly capable of it .
yard butler generally makes good products that i like .
i love optimum nutrition gold standard whey protein .
i would n't waste my time on this product .
this set of headphones is already in the garbage .
but let me give the lowdown on the game .
it was unusable so we placed it without hesitation .
i love my farberwear products and glass lid .
i 've had one before by the same manufactuer .
there must be a better all-rounds measuring cup .
i have had no problems with this thermometer .
i purchase most of our dog equipment from amazon .
better to have more unpopped kernals than burned popcorn .
not sure what they were thinking making this .
this game is a failure on every level .
sony has 4x recording while these have 12x recording .
i then repurchased with a set for my dad .
this item was for my galaxy s vibrant .
they wo n't address product made before that year .
provides a great seal for regular mouth ball jars .
this screen is a good value for the money .
yes , i replace the media cartridge every month .
this is the particular bluetooth adapter that apple recommends .
the price and the ingredients are on point .
now i have control over the content and cost .
they are right.the pots are stylish and well built .
the pump works well and does not drip .
i use this one to bake bread in .
it looks well made and works just fine .
they are the best and last almost indefinitely .
i could not work without these great cutting boards .
i am naturally a size 6.5 - 7 .
the product should stay together better than that .
i threw the bar away after a few bites .
these screen protectors help prevent scratches on my ipod .
the storage difference from the bh5x is almost negligible .
these were a great price for what you get .
i bought the pan to make besan flour pancakes .
bought @ amazon.com and received it just one day .
not that that helped get rid of the suds .
2 1/2 years and it still makes great coffee .
it tells you that in the product directions .
enter the six-digit code and hit the call button .
did not do much for my dog 's skin .
is it a must have in the kitchen .
at first , this seems like a good product .
i use mine often to marinade beef jerky .
and finally a real pan to roast in .
which is what this product claims to do .
it goes on fine and it not irritating .
initially , i was pleased enough with these socks .
this phone is definitely for phone calls only .
you can never have too many iphone protector films .
i also like the feel of the case .
and then experiment with how much batter to add .
this is way too high a price to pay .
a great investment and i would highly recommend .
while not a blackberry , the keyboard works well .
every other sealing attempt worked fine the first time .
it 's not like packing tape but more rubbery .
this peeler works precisely like i hoped it would .
received item that is due to expire july 2014 .
the octagonal shape makes it easy to hold .
the sound is excellent with no distortion or interferance .
comes with a belt clip & screen protector also .
my phone screen now looks great and bubble free .
will not purchase again until packaging has been fixed .
but the problem is it 's not good result .
its a sturdier little tamper than it looks like .
i was looking for more warmth in this product .
certainly much stronger than any magnet closure can afford .
i would not recommend these wraps to anyone .
bought wire to get information off a old phone .
i added it because i thought it was convenient .
definitely not worth the $ 26 they are charging .
the original controller 's cord is also terribly short .
what can you really say about a whisk .
save the screen on my evo 4g many times .
i 'm not a connoisseur of tea or coffee .
it had the same information but was different colors .
i switched to vanguard and had no problems .
i can pair it with 2 handsets simultaneously.2 .
the tamper is easy to hold on to .
mine has taken extreme heat without any problems .
product arrived on time and was well packaged .
i was a bit disappointed with amazon 's package .
i must be reacting to something in the shampoo .
they had to reset all of the software .
its nice and does what it has too .
that case completely blocked my keyboard from sliding open .
avoid sudden temperature changes because it will shatter .
it worked very well until she lost it .
this waffle iron has been working wonderfully for months .
i will make it into an extension cord now .
i use it at my desk at work .
both are great and get the job done .
the coffee brews a bit weak , as well .
what a great skillet to cook homemade bisquits in .
it did nothing and the mouse is still around .
the features are the same but a little better .
they tasted ok but not worth the oil .
this game is has many things wrong with it .
there is no such problem with fresh pasta .
they shipped on time and arrived in excellent condition .
better than spending 30 $ for an apple earphone .
i usually buy my filter replacements on amazon .
and you need to apply it many times .
it was by far my favorite bagged black tea .
the metal piece is dingy and has no logo .
i am well pleased with my set of molds .
an excellent kitchen addition at an excellent price ! .
this thermos coffee press performs exactly as advertised .
bluetooth headsets on others can be unnerving at times .
the graphics and sound and the best yet .
shame as its a smart looking little case .
nice set -- mine arrived unbroken and pristine .
twice a month the server lost its programming .
i read the reviews and knew this going in .
good solid product for a very reasonable price .
colors are vivid and the paint endures constant falling/smashing .
for cookie that are about 2-2.5 inches in diameter .
the screen was a great replacement for the phone .
so easy to use and makes great tasting tea .
it seems to have all the features i wanted .
it 's surprising the ring is so cheap vs .
im still trying to find that majic fit .
there are so many natural and cheaper skin remedies .
but it pops fast ; almost every kernel pops .
this seems to keep the batter from sticking .
so i decided to try his spilled pellet litter .
a chomp & swallow for a 90-110lb dog .
i really like the convenience of the case .
this case is as advertised and then some .
at least their customer service is top notch .
i thought it was just another exfoliating thing .
the hb we tried sounded like a nascar racer .
use pay pal or google to purchase safely .
it does n't seem like they have a replacement .
love the extra depth in this selection i purchased .
they also do not last for very long .
it tastes great and i love the energy .
destroyed in 5 minutes by a rat terrier .
this is a fantastic addition to my kitchen .
right out of the box it 's had problems .
pricing unbeatable for an item with thoughtful uses .
i am not a happy customer this time .
you get a mini usb and micro usb adapter .
i love essie polish just not this one .
i decided to try it and watch carefully .
totally different than any other spyderco i have .
she loves the color and design on it .
no sound break up , clean as a whistle .
he 's not comfortable with the lead in it .
this is the handiest blender i have ever used .
this item was definitely not worth the price .
i will continue loving it for a long time .
this is a sturdy excellent quality spoon rest .
for the price this is a good case .
perhaps there were several slow leaks in both .
recommended by health care staff or my fathers wheelchair .
this stuff isthe soylent green of the future .
i have the opportunity to try several brands .
this product is a very pale paste.refried pinto beans .
i am definitely confused by the rave reviews .
i have never stored more than 50 pictures .
the structure of the slipper was not sturdy .
i bought this as a gag gift.zack morris called .
it works with my ipad not my iphone .
they have many uses for all the sizes .
that is where the game ends for most people .
my dogs usually chow down their food really fast .
lots of static in the background on my end .
the product performs well and puts bubbles in water .
the packaging and product quality appears high end .
a great bargain for a high-end slow cooker ! .
the amount of coverage was decent at best .
this brand allows urine to seep through almost immediately .
at present it appears to be working fine again .
fits perfectly over my kitchenaid professional 6-quart mixer .
only maintenance is really clearing out the liquid catch .
i bought a couple of these for misc .
all it did was waste space on the dvd .
this is the only canner for glass cooktop stoves .
this was key for me.the cellphone reception is excellent .
may want to ask your it person before ordering .
these crusts were convenient because they are already baked .
how did i ever get by without these .
one i use twice per day to time medication .
another great product that i ordered from amazon .
i like the plastic case this came in .
you would be better off with educated guesses .
charged a bunch of the girlscout parents phones .
they create their sharpeness with a minutely serrated edge .
i am a computer engineer for crying out loud .
but it just never stays snuggly in his ear .
makes perfect raw spaghetti from zuchini or squash .
and leaves a strange taste in my mouth .
it breaks one of my two chow chows out .
so this might have some effect on the fragrance .
purchased the vtech v.reader for granddaughters 5th birthday .
light weight , easy to move around and store .
bought it for my b/f and he loves it .
i can safely compare it to mac and stila .
the ware plastic lock-n-litter small pet pan is horrible .
and another big plus- its super easy to clean .
it did n't thicken the look of the hair .
it is quiet and does a great job mixing .
a one day toy for baxter the destroyer .
this is the worst game i have ever played .
i 'd avoid purchasing these now at any price .
easy to put on and easy to clean .
once again amazon has come through for me .
so a month later i am getting another phone .
when they stopped their hair loss stopped also .
for the rest of the game it seems .
i recently purchased a second one for my husband .
pre-spray with cooking spray and cleanup is a snap .
is almost exactly the size of my phone .
i especially like making toasted wraps with it .
it worked awesome.then we ran out of fluid .
we also have a couple of other corkscrews .
works good and protects the smart phone very well .
i was able to zero it at 25 yards .
i suppose you get what you pay for .
the meat came out as i wanted it .
save your money if you have a small pet .
but the full nail images are simply too small .
this pastry scraper is very comfortable to hold .
at least at the walmart near my home .
i used it when i need a pan .
it does a good job of slicing cheese .
i guess i 'll keep it incase he grows .
would i recommend it to others ? definately .
or worse.imodium itself is good at what it does .
after that , it all goes even further downhill .
bread maker and they have all been great .
i 've a psus4 for over two years now .
that is the proper grind for french press .
the vet commented on how clean his teeth were .
i like to grill some meats and fish indoors .
but it does want to slid off sometimes .
can hang on my ice bucket or inside .
nice weight to them , and they are tall .
will see for how long this one will leave .
i can still use it fine inside the house .
i love the stone.the rack is a great plus .
you need to have the bowl completely frozen .
this is horrible but then it was a cent .
i used an infrared thermometer first to check it .
could not recommend , it will kill your fish .
the mouse range is too easily interfered by monitors .
if the knife is not sharp enough repeat procedure .
i bought this to store my powdered laundry detergent .
but the mic works and it is little money .
and because of that , the gray heel shows .
they are weighted nicely , ultra-smooth to the touch .
i have read many reviews regarding these `` g.i .
it is sturdy and i use it everyday .
the whole game just could n't hold my interest .
recommend this for anyone who loves trendy items .
day old coffee tastes far better than this .
i highly recommend this product i love it .
this screen protector is a really good one .
it bowed upward at the tops and bottoms .
i bought my mom the set for her birthday .
i bought this can opener at a discount store .
she used every one of this color cases .
also the display on mine got scratched right away .
i just bought this for my dad i-phone .
keeps unsightly trash hidden and out of the way .
some things to keep in mind with the hullavator .
do your body a favor and make another choice .
this product got such glowing reviews i tried it .
and they did n't even give me a refund .
this do is absolutely perfect and extremely versatile .
definitely fulfill the intent for which they were made .
this use to be a fairly good product .
that is why i am writing this now .
the absurd anti-nuclear message at the game 's finale .
got this to replace an old plantronics explorer 233 .
i bought the phone with mango os 7.5 .
this stage kind of dresses or finishes the knife .
i thought it would be a gentle slicker brush .
even on low it sounds like a baby cessna .
i am now facing a problem with it .
i always have broth all over my stove .
the omega juicer was really superior for juicing greens .
it warms the liter of water quickly enough .
i guess you get what you pay for .
i did not like this new feature at all .
the bow fell off in under 24 hrs .
the fabric is flimsy and the construction uneven .
that aspect of this toy is not great .
batteries last as much as the original one .
i just look at the foods to determine doneness .
very handy when you need a smaller whisk .
but for now leapfrog will continue with the leapster2 .
i could immediately tell my hair was drying out .
i use it with the apple cider vinegar .
the plate will easily accommodate five italian sausages .
i got this for my romanian gp-1975 ak-47 .
they said the medium is good for a jrt .
a red kong ball is a lot harder .
the opposite would have worked a lot better .
it does not recognize my voice at all .
the price is that low for a reason .
i threw it away in just a few hours .
surge protecters are just right for my purpose .
it did everything i wanted it to do .
and it only have two volume up/down buttons .
its not the best but not the worst .
has all the slots in the right place .
didint bother returning it because it was cheap .
my monitors can get pretty filmy and gunked up .
it is mentioned in the food processor 's box .
so for the price id say think twice .
used it for iphone4 cards when traveling abroad .
i was mistaken.the smile just has too many compromises .
i simply did not like the taste of this .
medium grind is the best for this maker .
my 7 year old son wanted this for christmas .
color as pictured , elegant and looks well made .
the product is as pictured and as described .
i bought this 6 or 7 years ago .
there is virtually no stealth in the game what-so-ever .
the games wont record but the disks will .
i have n't found any flaws with it yet .
identical to the part that came with the mixer .
we have these fondue pots for our own use .
does not require too much power to open .
i have placed in each of my cars .
i would recommend it , especially for the price .
bass could be better , but overall not bad .
i was able to install the router by hand .
if you enjoy bottled wine this is essential .
and some of the characters are fairly interesting .
it made them feel drier for some reason .
if you need this product buy with confidence .
very well designed and easy to figure out .
given what they cost i was extremely disappointed .
but really there 's better games for your money .
this is a wonderful product design idea poorly implemented .
these are definitely a must in my kitchen ! .
now i use the dang filters as recommended .
165 to 176 following next day.just awful feelings .
i tried every kind of opener known to man .
yes i do return items that do not work .
i really like how they fit in the ear .
its still my favorite and most used pan today .
i am blown away at the increase in performance .
i loved this case while i had an iphone .
i have to buy more cords to charge .
undergarments and the such are ideal for these hangers .
i got this watch almost exactly a year ago .
chicken is not the main ingredient in this food .
this is exactly what it says it is .
then i 'll top off with another 20-lb box .
removed the light and had basically the tank left .
i am being generous giving it 2 stars .
works great in place of my big fingers .
the carbon filter seems to work pretty well .
go on fairly easy and stay in place .
( as exaggerated as the honker the graphics dept .
henckels twin four star cutlery , or perhaps thej.a .
purchased the brita filters and think they are great .
they are cheaply made and many came with deforms .
i would return it now if i could .
save your money & do n't even get this .
the price point is high for what you get .
this one is great to fill in that need .
they are exactly what they are supposed to be .
no fiddling around trying to find the button .
it is so easy to switch it up ! .
i throw one on for 5 minutes then change .
i have tried a ton of different anti-frizz serums .
this knife has made cooking a much happier experience .
good game if you need a good laugh .
i drive a van and it fits perfectly .
it becomes painful to wear after prolonged use .
it does the job and it is well built .
i have no problem hearing the other person .
i 'm certain this branch must be the way .
this antenna is essential for this usr turkey .
the lids fit well and provide a tight seal4 .
also , these things last for a long time .
was disappointed that i 'll need antibiotic drops again .
i used it with tea and it was nasty .
i only wore them a few times then switched .
they guard that come with it also works great .
it seems sturdy and had no defects in workmanship .
do n't buy it if you want good toast .
i bought this for decor on my fireplace .
just a continuation to how happy i am .
my cat ca n't grab it with her teeth .
first it does not fit my l frame revolver .
updating the firmware was easy and a non-issue .
nice product but very finicky to put on .
let me tell you i travel and no .
i literally swam in it in the smallest size .
=/ this pizza is literally just felt cut-outs .
then the basket is a little harder to clean .
i get reception in the weirdest of places .
the material is soft and comfortable and great .
this case was so convenient and also looks great .
do n't buy it even at this low price .
so there is no way to fix it .
i ca n't imagine my life without this mount .
they arrived in good time & looked very nice .
i am sorry to rate this with one star .
fabulous - can not way anything bad about fiesta .
i think i will stick with panasonic rice cookers .
this is an essential storage set for anyone .
i guess you get what you pay for .
a note on the bad reviews for this product .
yeah sure , that sounds like fun as well .
i also love that they stack on one another .
rolling can cause the edges to curl up .
its bad enough they have a bad image already .
i guess too many rounds went through it .
looks like it will last a long time .
i had to purchase this one for my self .
i do not like this product at all .
easily seen and easy to fill/empty as needed .
this one is maoe of heavy stainless steel .
once you start washing it though , expect trouble .
it is messy , it will end up everywhere .
they really are more for a dinner roll .
what i got was a dfx sports ball .
bought from verizon store about 2 years ago .
i totally got my hopes up for nothing .
my fleas were unimpressed to say the least .
you need several tube sections to cover each corner .
the slightest movement causes the strings to loosen.3 .
i have had this for about 2 years now .
another cheap cologne that wears off in the hour .
that 's why i have friedrich b as well .
i 'm not sure what more you could want .
they hurt your ears after about ten minutes .
amazon was very good about returning the item .
yuck ! i did not like this at all .
butter dishes are generally boring but not this one .
i will donate it to a local shelter .
i use this case to hold my skinning/butchering knife .
it works fine and seems to be built well .
was going to return it but did not .
the answer is simple - it has great presence .
it takes the fun of playing as zero .
we run the ice cream maker for 30 min .
they are a great deal for the price .
it 's sturdy.-long battery life and long standby time .
so bare in mind if this matters to you .
something to fiddle around with during tv commercials .
i use them for cereal as well as desserts .
i bought these shoes and liked the feel .
the twinnings green tea had little flavor or aroma .
do not let it contact your dashboard at all .
great for steaming milk and checking bread baking .
i think that this game is so completely stupid .
overall i think this is a great peeler .
jerky has become one of my staple snacks .
this a tank compared to all the rest .
this case is not for protection by any means .
charges and holds my bold 9650 very well .
the scratching and chewing tripled after using this rinse .
it was well made but runs extremely small .
rotating mechanism is smooth , and wood is beautiful .
i do n't have any luck with this product .
so it was time for a new one .
they add color to the pics and work great .
and cleaning the powerball was no easy task .
i tossed this product without even finishing it .
saves a lot of room in the freezer .
really disappointing when you ca n't trust the brand/picture/description .
good value for the money , and fast shipping .
this is a high quality air-tight glass jar .
i also ordered wacoal la femme contour bra .
the gray on clear color scheme looks great .
it could change the way youfeel about work .
i just love cooking in my pressure cookers .
then adding the black pepper makes it even worse .
they provide top quality cutlery at bargain basement prices .
i had no problems what so ever with it .
glad i only purchased one instead of the multi-pack .
it works great whipping and mixing hot chocolate .
this game is regarded as a minor classic .
aluminum is tried and tested and provides professional results .
a good option for limited space in your closet .
my behind was just incinerated with a raygun .
so this lotion has a distinct smell of sunscreen .
this is a tip i learned from nick malgieri .
i ordered this for my 8 year old grandson .
nevertheless , it is made of good quality material .
i would recommend lodge cast iron wear to anyone .
if you want nothing buy treble buy these headphones .
coffee presses work pretty much the same way .
it was working without problems until december 2007 .
read the reviews and settled on an oster .
playing pd n64 with my siblings was the best .
it 's a shame these phones never took off .
i am comfortable saying that i hate this castle .
it stands up well and is very durable .
it 's like someone just needed the model number .
nicely machined bowl and solid weld to handle .
also the shredding disc lasts a long time .
i would recomend the rocket fish headset over these .
i had to use solvent to dissolve the adhesive .
this is a good company with good products .
all other players i have owned can do this .
but kirby charecters unstead of candy falling down .
i got mine on time and as advertised .
some companies make junk and some make serious hardware .
i ordered the wrong case for my phone .
the changes from then to now are very disappointing .
i 'm going to check with my samsung printer .
best product for me has been the compression bags .
i 'm just not a fan of the original .
so then i had to use the knife .
i will buy again when i need it .
stick to the other puttys they are better .
well but with too much noise to keep .
it 's also a terrible half - effort game .
or just leave the magnets on while you work .
i even held it up to the light .
someone fell asleep in quality control or something .
she likes not having to have a cord .
that 's not a complaint considering the price though .
so i thought this would help my feet .
i might have an appointment for 10:00 a.m .
however i find the handle of 4474 more comfortable .
i use a sponge and soap first to scrub .
i did try bodyguardz and definitely not the same .
i prefer perked over drip any ole day .
this is the real deal the oem case .
i have a clothesline similar to this one .
it is nice that it charges and rotates .
works great when stuck to the table surface .
the only difficult decision was boysenberry or ice blue .
very handy set for use with my ipod nano .
also one gets a good grip while holding it .
i bought this player new about 18 months ago .
likes how the phone slides in and says upright .
it shipped pretty quickly and noq im using it .
i read the directions , then got to work .
my cable company dropped their support of this router .
sadly i bought two , gladly they were cheap .
i could not get this thing to work .
i 'd say the game is worth 2.5 stars .
i got it today and it is really good .
the chocolate chip on its own is horrible .
i got this mattress because of the height .
there are too much sugar and fat in them .
this fan has been absolutely perfect for our needs .
it tasted like bland epresso mixed with nonsparkling seltzer .
i like the high-mid-low power switch as well .
first - this thing really does work impressively well .
the biggest problem is they are terribly salty .
recently , it became very sticky with normal use .
this holster fits my bb 9900 like a glove .
setting temperature to alarm at is not intuitive.2 .
but i do n't have anything bad to say .
it was also very easy to clean up .
really confused ppl riding with me at first .
this gizmo is simple , inexpensive and it works .
it pops really well leaving very few kernels .
i had to use pliers to fully unscrew it .
the lower temperature greatly reduces the pace of oxidation .
it looks/feels/cooks like a much more expensive stockpot .
i recommend it to everyone who wants good waffles .
or you have a cookie monster in your home .
great buy and very happy with the quality .
it paired with my samsung vibrant without a hitch .
for home use this is more than sufficient .
it could be perhaps be a bit quieter .
this ones still a little awkward for me .
i usually listen to sennheiser hd570 or akg q460 .
i could n't even get through the first level .
with all the reviews i tried these out .
for me it was a waste of money .
used to blame iphone 4s led flash for this.p.s .
it is hard to get the dasher cleaned off .
crisp clear sound and security over the ear .
it is sturdy and matchs her other fiesta ware .
this tool kit was great for my beginning .
all the lights on in the garage - check .
not a small rip but at least an inch .
the fleas seem to be worse now than before .
i returned them and ordered a different brand .
ordered and item failed to work as advertised .
it is a grill that comes without fancy controls .
that is one of the reasons i bought it .
i put them on my mini cork bottle charms .
i got these together with a book of recipes .
this formula was the first to be shunned .
it certainly lasts , and chops food really well .
farberware 8 cup percolator makes really hot coffee .
everyone says my voice is loud and clear .
i use it for any veggies or fruits .
i believe the sole is just too much .
they are easy to clean and diswasher safe .
there are holes in all the right place .
people will think you have urine on you .
it is my 2nd jamnbox wireless bluetooth speaker .
and a lot of barking at nothing.enter pet naturals .
overall i feel my phone secured in the case .
being a trainer , i had to try it .
the collar still needs to be tightened frequently .
i kept the knife but dumped the bf .
i was so excited about my new electronics purchase .
it fell out of my ear every time .
this fits my older hepa filter machine very well .
i purchased these pants for the side pocket .
but their computer is programmed wrong for this product .
the only con is the cord could be longer .
i use it for everything i can think of .
anyway - save your money - buy a tivo .
the quality was low with the stitching being weak .
the apple logo is hardly visible unlike the picture .
i have recommend the thermometer to many friends .
i just use a lamp on the table top .
the cord arrived as it said it would .
i believe it is the best choice for travel .
i tried for over 20 days without success .
gadget girl here to review the imp1000 battery pack .
just as awesome as the large coffee press .
however , the power and stability are very good .
i will never buy another motorola product again .
i use a little netbook when i 'm traveling .
it weighs fully 2-3 times the digital stopwatch .
the product is either defect or poor quality .
this is an excellent product for the money .
looks really cute with different colored stirrers too .
my pores just look full of green gunk .
this item is maybe good for tall ladies only .
this bar has so much going for it .
mechanical items with motors are suppose to make noise .
i ca n't imagine attempting to remove a splinter .
i bought this because it appeared simple and strong .
i hate not getting what i paid for .
this battery replaces the original in my samsung fascinate .
long battery life and built in rechargeable battery5 .
makes a strange noise when set at certain angle .
i gave it a day and started again .
this one did n't even make the first cut .
the original should have been the first and only .
do yourself a favor and try a different vendor .
heck the shipping price was more than the product .
my fiancee picked it out and she loves it .
what i forgot to do here was measure height .
i got this crate for my older german shepherd .
there is a high price attached to this thing .
had my original dough hook for 20-plus years .
we have had two pairs of these now .
there was no change after using this product .
the car is difficult to get onto the tracks .
im writing this review on my lapdock right now .
i have sensitive skin , that is dry/oily combination .
do not buy this ds version of this game .
some days it would flow and others not .
i had the same high expectations for this one .
the graphics are of an average ps2 game .
this is the first pan i do n't like .
they cut great with very little pressure or effort .
this is everything i hoped it would be .
it clumps and is awful to put on .
maybe i 'll get that waterproof camera after all .
having a standard charging connector is a nice touch .
the lifter alone makes this kit worth the money .
there 's no worry of it coming off unexpectedly .
i always coat the cooking pan with olive oil .
on all 3 poles i had extreme difficulty .
i know this will get a great workout .
some of the parts are a bit awkward .
awesome stereo audio quality.not bass heavy and quite clear .
this is an official blackberry oem car charger .
that is all that it has going for it .
i find cellet products to work well with iphones .
this toy poses a hazard as currently designed .
just have to buy a better quality one .
i have had cuisinart food processors since 1981 .
we 've owned this knife storage for 2 years .
this salad spinner has so many useful features .
after the beach and shower i need a moisturizer .
unfortunately , it did not do anything for me .
my black logo is on the left side .
love the look of the whole set together .
otterbox is the absolute best case for cell phones .
lesson learned : you get what you pay for .
used them on one climb and they were okay .
it is less noticeable from the other rooms .
after 30 minutes , they recovered to 1.5 volts .
the scent was too strong and too masculine .
what is this game ? i have no idea .
i was far more pleased with the activewraps .
im returning my set that i just recieved today .
saying that is must be hand-washed is an understatement .
also , harder to use a liner with it .
no more 5 gallon bottle deliveries to worry about .
think someone installed the wrong jack during manufacture .
way to small for my 5 year old .
the n97 mini is very easy on the eyes .
set out to make my first batch today .
i am sorry i bought it at all .
i have tried hard to love this product .
the game made me laugh more than anything .
we 've been canning things the last few weeks .
the sound quality is good to very good .
stupid thing shows your pictures on the folder .
mostly i get media errors and some weird errors .
these chrome caps would not work on my plate .
the fun only lasted for at most 2 minutes .
i 'll get a stove top popcorn popper now .
my daughter makes whipping cream with the whisk .
this juicer is heavy duty feeling and looks great .
i get perfect size each and every time .
this pack was no longer a comfortable fit .
but i have yet to see this product perform .
worth every penny.it took about a week to arrive .
sent it to sony to get it serviced .
i just tried it 1 night and hated it .
yellowjackets would fly around it but would not enter .
product received was not the screen protector advertised .
check out china glaze snow globe or nova .
i have been using this for a while .
you can easily see your reflection without any distortion .
mortal kombat special forces was released in 2000 .
it will not suction and hold to anything .
i do n't make my espresso any other way .
this by far the worse fighting game ever .
since i had no choice , i took that .
i mean do not purchase this game for keeps .
buy a thermos ( i love my nissan/thermos ) .
it has a lot in a small little defice .
the consistency is part clumpy part watery mess .
this one can be used without a problem .
man , i just love quality stuff like this .
get it for your old phone battery replacement .
obviously they must live some place with high humidity .
never had the phone fall out or unclip .
i got this one because it looked sturdier .
i stopped taking it and threw it away .
after all , they are supposed to be monitors .
be sure to rinse your rice b4 cooking .
i will be moving on to the second battery .
the thermos kept it at 140 for an hour .
you should not depend upon this device at all .
i went home and loofaed and still felt greasy .
i will be going back to using lilash .
for this price it is well worth the purchase .
we now stay away from anything with flax .
but at the price , why waste your money .
i ordered a rawhide roll not a rawhide sheet .
i expect it to keep holding for some time .
it is the least drinkable coffee i have tasted .
this thermometer should not be left in the oven .
very inexpensive and works great for my purposes .
i 've had absolutely no problems with this toaster .
one did and the second followed in three weeks .
there is no story line what so ever .
it works perfectly and makes a great tasting brew .
it is nothing more then a night cream .
it does not properly fit my galaxy s4 .
even the tablespoon reaches easily into my spice jars .
he 's been very pleased with his as well .
i have had no problems with it at all .
what a difference this is to my old zester .
i rinse most of my parts by hand .
however , this one for me was a loser .
i wanted to have several mediums for my suitcase .
i appreciate the great product for the right price .
it broke immediately when i put it on .
now if the phone would show up lol .
i bought this specifically for flax seed milling .
we get good service & the product is excellent .
even then i dont think it would be accurate .
these 12 oz glasses are the perfect all-purpose size .
the fryer is still there , many months later .
my usually black wax cups come apart super easy .
the leather wallet is a nice quality product .
it is definitely not a no bounce bra .
easy to use , very effective and great looking .
i feel my phone is very safe and fashionable .
perfect as pastry board for my little girl .
my hubby uses it and i do the rest .
the issue is in the grip i believe .
the entire clear face now looks like etched glass .
they look nothing like the old beef tendons .
however , the next two packages were quite stale .
they are great products to have in the house .
i bought this for my sister for christmas .
it works well with the palm pre touchstone charger .
this is the best fine grater of its type .
we also bought a presto canner with a seal .
braun completely rethought the design , with excellent results .
in the garbage it goes where it belongs .
that makes the fountain tip to one side .
i bought size 6 and they run extremely large .
they said zero stars should be an option .
better for big hands , but less deceptively delicate-looking .
this was the first one that was unplayable .
the padding is also unusually stiff and uncomfortable .
they were not very flavorful and very tough .
this screen protector came several days before promised .
i love the quality of the sorrento line .
i can here it over the truck noise .
the long , wooden handle stays nice and cool .
they just felt really tight on my foot .
look for a bed with the pump built in .
i was pleased to see this one did not .
this pan is perfect for my everyday baking .
i will buy nothing from this hypocrit company .
this sunbeam hot shot beverage machine is amazing .
i did that the first time they told me .
not sure what this kit is for really .
the water will start to look thick and cakey .
i would n't hesitate to buy this case again .
i 've noticed no effect on my energy bills .
i would purchase them on this feature alone .
then i forgot about it for a while .
the coating appears to be a good quality surface .
the handles are the biggest drawback being very flimsy .
it does everything the new phone of today do .
works very well and makes pie dough rolling easy .
same smell came from the bison flavor as well .
this is real cherry wood and not particle board .
they were easy to apply and a great fit .
will continue to purchase this brand in the future .
just put some aluminum foil on the bottom .
the rubber case is a little cheap to .
not sure what you would use this for .
i could probably live without the helicopters thought .
usually certain ingredients will do this to my skin .
this is an aluminum/rubber version replicating that spec .
it 's the cheapest i can find on amazon .
i took it apart to see what broke .
i wore it clipped to my jeans today .
the older bottles were a solid 5 stars .
i do not recommend this product to anyone .
the face of the phone is fully exposed .
the bottom lid allows you to control the portion .
a great buy in the line of kitchen appliances .
simply speaking i would not purchase this item again .
the main camera on this phone is awesome .
i broke out the entire time i used it .
this time i played again for about an hour .
same problem here folks , memory card error frustration .
two salmon filets cook up in no time .
i like it more than any other brands .
just make sure you treat it with kindness .
it gave body but no lift and hold .
i was so excited to get this product .
its a cable and it does its job .
but by then i had become addicted to ovaltine .
this cable has outlasted 5 cellphones and 4 cars .
very sad for a 49 to 49 lens .
not going to feel sorry if you buy these .
this keeps my bb charged all day long .
i like that you can ground your own meat .
very light weight and easy to put on .
it really is quite the snap to wash .
touch the food tray and snap it closed .
the result is delicious and i highly recommend it .
i 've gone through five fixing the same flat .
its a charger and it works as advertised .
switching between music and phone function is simple .
i drive a truck and it works great .
i anded up letting it go down the drain .
this one is the poorest quality of the bunch .
but the metal is a powerhouse of whisk energy .
amazon please get rid of this unscrupulous seller ! .
this product deserves many more stars than 5 .
it works great and it has not rust .
bought these for use with my convection/toaster oven .
however , if you use full size glass dishes .
we also grilled veggies and all sorts of meats .
the supreme lasts all day with power to spare .
it made my phone accessible yet it was protected .
not returnable as they are a grocery item .
despite my misgivings , i went for the bait .
i bought these as a gift at christmas time .
the rigid band was very tight on my head .
they never got back to me until jan 2012 .
i bought this one from amazon seller repairpartsny .
this one tastes awful and looks like black sludge .
would recomend it to anybody and already have .
but , i needed a case to protect it .
there is just one not so trivial problem .
your feet look enormous next to these skinny pants .
i have used a lot of vegetable peelers .
i love the heavy weight of the board .
dog destroyed this in less than a day .
cord snapped only after the second time using it .
my husband commented that it pours without dribbling .
the oil absorbing feature is an added benefit ! .
i had my sks for 15yrs with no issues .
i have better results with pevonia spateen line .
no more tangles , no more carrying multiple wires .
i can live with it lasting a year .
easily the worst car trip i 've ever taken .
recently tried strydexin and so far works great .
we also did away with our teflon pans .
i purchased this pillow due to having neck pain .
he loves it and says he uses it daily .
zero bubbles ! the anti-glare is an awesome bonus .
case protects well and the color is awesome nice .
i recently lost the hat and decided to repurchase .
treble is crisp and clear and bass is alright .
the first appliance i ever bought for myself .
i have a yamaha f335 i really like .
i used to steam crab for 5 minutes .
it looked like i had triangles on my chest .
its protected her phone more then a few times .
after 24 hours , two lights were still charging .
plan on replacing the entire unit every 2-3 years .
ordered for my new shower curtain and rod .
in winter time set heat dial = 2 .
it 's the only flavor i would buy again .
i have a glass when i get back .
i just could not get into this game .
i am going to try a silicone lubricant next .
glad it was cheap i needed a case asap .
changing volume really is thankfully easy with this device .
i could never get the kids to stop vandalism .
they are a little thinner than i would like .
it 's not worth saving a couple of bucks .
however this one is not the best out there .
dehydration directions say that you need guar gum .
everyone always wants to know where we got them .
the price is awesome and it is so multifunctional .
i actually use them with everything i dehydrate .
i use it on windows vista and windows 7 .
just have to snap the top back on correctly .
it is heavy and does not distort from heat .
i purchased this for my sister-in-law for her iphone .
the wilton is 1/4 inch shorter than the ateco .
i am returning the chi tomorrow for a refund .
our bench arrived without any chipped or broken pieces .
i have reverted to cast-iron because of superiority .
my signal strength went from excellent to poor .
lodge really does a great job with their products .
i like this saucepan because of the design .
this razor blade may be perfect for some people .
this product has causes seizures and death in pets .
but that is not where the differences ended .
it fit my iphone 4s like a glove .
maybe i have to change a video card .
very high quality set at very good price .
this product is getting great reviews for good reason .
not as good as the old yeowww by duckyworld .
i have only 3 minor disappointments to share:1 .
it never really lengthened or thickened my lashes .
they got frustrated when the pump stopped working .
it browns well and the loaves are delicious .
this is a must have for business travelers .
i shopped and compared and shopped some more .
just one problem , and its a big one .
this game will have you running errands f-o-r-e-v-e-r .
it is slightly smaller and not as sticky .
i gave the family size grill to my in-laws .
the first one did n't come with the cup .
this smartphone is the answer to my wishes .
the look is great and they do the job .
i now use a silicone case with a backing .
did not really want to cut with this .
the second set of protection is the silicone cover .
greenish flare will be always on the pictures .
this was very nice & at a great price .
i kept wondering where the strawberry flavor was .
i can not overstate how dinky this ring is .
heats up to boiling in about five minutes .
took me maybe half an hour or less .
i finally broke down and bought one of these .
it pours as smooth as my mother-in-law 's gravy .
reiko cases have always been good to me .
the feel of the scoop is good too .
in many cases they re-spawn immediately after dying .
why ? because they are successful video game consoles .
then again , the metal construction may survive that .
i dropped the first one and cracked the base .
if you make gnocchi this is a must have .
it get 's your arms moving in the morning .
i 'm happy with what i find at walmart .
you really do get what you pay for .
i was too cheap though the pictures look great .
the coolest part is the polar bear slide .
you will love the ice cream it makes .
love how clean it looks in my car .
the cuisinart does not have an exterior water gauge .
save your time and money and find something better .
the description said i was buying a new item .
made hooking my vacuum to my sander a snap .
i would not recommend these cheaply made gloves .
bashing zombies with bats/pipes/plants , all well and good .
i gave them away to my local vet .
these screen protectors for my droid 2 were alright .
it will get alot more use this coming summer .
this thing is so bulky and heavy and unbalanced .
buy it for yourself and check it out .
this works perfectly fine for the iphone 3g .
have to constantly bang the pin in while mixing .
even short term exposure can cause permanent hearing loss .
it keeps my french bread from becoming hard .
this has to be improper sealing from the factory .
purchased about a year ago and rarely used .
this ruins the experience of an otherwise fun game .
they work great and last a long time .
this did n't fit my phone well at all .
but once i added the water and did nothing .
they had a well deserved reputation for rugged clothes .
but that 's been after years of popcorn production .
less than 35 minutes and the motor died .
other than that good stylus at a cheap price .
i was barely able to wrestle them on .
i think the swiveling handle is the culprit .
i am so glad i purchased this zester/grater .
i have been cooking for a long time .
so i took a chance and bought it anyway .
great and simple and nearly perfect touch user interface.3 .
this allowed me to use gps apps etc .
i am glad that i purchased this cradle .
the capresso makes a pretty darn good shot also .
version with full warrantywhich was another great unlocked phone .
in september 2012 i had another dexa scan .
these stoppers will usually keep the wine from oxidizing .
i finally settled on this kitchen aid thermometer .
i will never use any crest product again .
the local vacuum repair guy refuses to repair steamvacs .
their oem ear pieces make my ear soar .
better than any stainless steel peeler i have had .
my charger did not fit in the case .
i would rate this with minuses if i could .
i wonder about the chemicals in the cancer-causing agents .
interact is just too greedy for their own good .
thank you amazon for carrying such a product .
i bought a few of these for my galaxy .
i almost dropped my nikon quite a few times .
it looks solid and looks good on the countertop .
i did not have fun playing this game .
i thought this was double sided eye tape .
the touchflo text app is pretty but just stupid .
the build quality was much better than i expected .
you can use any utensils , even a whisk .
the circle is the only one that says anything .
i could have the safety and the effectiveness combined .
we see no improvement on his beige teeth .
ive had my presto popper for many years .
so i ordered another the end of june .
keep 'em charged and ready ! works as promised .
just wish more money was on initial load .
i think i did it right with this one .
the quality of keds has deteriorated sooo much recently .
we use it often and it has been great .
it is perfect for making rice or smaller dishes .
the lovely truffle box contents were all melted together .
the light it produces replicates natural sunlight amazingly .
they last for ever and work every time .
i noticed a few had tiny pock marks .
dont put food in plastic as it leaches toxins .
this is one of my favorite kitchen electronics .
this little girl comes up to me and says .
as for me , there were two main problems .
i have always loved to use bamboo steamers .
i put them in the dishwasher to clean .
the light changes color accurately to indicate readiness .
use a regular coffee to brew the coffee .
i got this product after a good research .
just got this for about couple of weeks .
i need to get more to have backups .
90 % of appeal was that nice looking leather .
i think they disliked the 'wall like ' enclosure .
for regular household use , this model is sufficient .
i have purchased several different brands from several stores .
quickly and easily makes perfect popcorn every time .
now if we can only remember to use it .
i got this for my dad for his birthday .
you can wash it in the dishwasher too .
holds a solid charge until i need it .
i mean its awesome but i got 1 .
the price is cheap but so is the product .
drop em on the ground and stomp on em .
i can listen to music all day without recharging .
i expected something richer with a strong coconut flavor .
this was okay for a very short time .
i try all of the new toys for her .
i did n't feel any fuller when using them .
it fits like a glove and very substantial .
check them occasionally and wipe the rusty water away .
then i borrowed a generic apapter from a friend .
my only regret was not getting a larger size .
for the most part i enjoyed this game .
she says it fits too loose on the phone .
neither of them is interested in this toy .
i love body wash and have many i use .
i thought this would be bigger and better made .
fillets , steaks and hamburgers ought to do well .
it slipped in my hands after i installed it .
put in around your neck and set it .
i like the spoons to be sturdy and non-flexible .
they have just a hint of sour to them .
i am glad i decided to try it .
or chains of steel beads made for the purpose .
the other side of that benefit is the noise .
i like the security of the screw downs though .
you have to hold the mic button to listen .
this bluetooth hold static without being on the phone .
it has an almost natural rubber feel to it .
i bought this based on the previous customer reviews .
i usually take my time putting in the raisins .
this is a really nice set of corelle dishes .
i have to say the range is pretty good .
these are a little larger but not clunky .
no more renting the machines from the store .
just wish there was a longer cord to it .
my husband bought this for me for christmas .
i use it for making biscuits and pie crusts .
it works very well and is a lifesaver .
danica chen has been doing some amazing research .
the first snap together and the pastic broke .
i also slice mushrooms frequently and shred carrots regularly .
the supposedly new one was an older model .
there were no cutouts to charge the phone .
this cc paring knife is perfect for her .
these are simple bags that work great for treats .
the screen is nice to for the price .
i 'd give it 4.5 stars if i could .
would like larger ones for my longer cords .
the blades are as sharp as a surgical scalpel .
this product was completely worth the money spent ! .
the taste in my opinion is not terrible .
i own several nordicware and they last forever .
i often use the whey in recipes , too .
nothing short of a welding/machine shop will do .
i went back to the black cohosh capsules .
i can hear the caller clearly , vice versa .
this gold tone coffee filter works great for me .
my suggestion : buy one bottle and keep it .
this new lens is getting great reviews online .
secondly the cover does not fit over the controls .
we bought this set for my sister in law .
probably a great plus for those with allergies .
the jabra charger is pushing out 5v 750mah .
on the plus side , it can be recycled .
constant drop outs and just a flimsy service overall .
these are a great deal for the price .
in this sense they will work just fine .
i will keep taking it and write back more .
the metal is polished with no rough edges .
i wrote a song about how well it mixes .
you can stop shopping and just buy it .
had such an easy time cutting through the grease .
this product is not perfected in my opinion .
it is solidly constructed and the handle feels comfortable .
the smell on the other hand is repulsive .
let 's see if herman miller will do that .
first of all , everyone wants to get you .
the 600 series has plenty of power to spare .
great camera for remote monitoring of potted plants .
i had really high hopes for this board .
but still i am happy i bought it .
this broke on me in a week or so .
the closing hinge will break offin a sneeze .
i like that it is glass and not plastic .
the only thing i dislike is the color .
this is an attractive , well-made and useful item .
it jingles noisily up and down when combing .
the blast could be felt 20 feet away .
it 's sturdy enough and holds the bottles well .
i unplugged it and plugged it back in .
i like riding a bike or walking briskly .
henckels international fine edge pro 8-inch stainless-steel bread knife .
it all depends on what you can live with .
in my experience it is not all that .
it doesnt light up like the baby tad .
easy to apply with little/no bubbles under screen .
what more can you say about a case .
that is me , you might not mind it .
the size makes them easy to deal with .
it has easily assembly with only about 6 parts .
i bought this model and it arrived quickly .
i have a great system wiht about 5 devices .
i put on cut up veggies , with salmon .
this is a safe recommendation for any steak lover .
so far , my favorite k-cup is dark magic .
i suspect the non-stick coating was the culprit .
best cup of coffee 've ever had at home .
the quality is great , and its super sturdy .
i have had this model for about 4-5 years .
phone rides just above cup holders in center console .
the only downside is they are flavored the same .
it is def not as flimsy as it looks .
this might be ok on a larger woman .
the size has worked out well for 2 people .
but it only works with usb powered devices .
also crimping is hit and miss for cat 5 .
just enough to soften them up a bit .
the cheese also works as a sour-cream substitute .
the only downsize is waiting for water to boil .
the cut-out and raised buttons line up perfectly .
the bottle has a weird taste and smell .
i have this on my mixer on my counter .
i suspect this will get worse as time progresses .
best headset purchase for the money by far .
i used the medium size with three phones .
the numbers are large and easy to read .
however , the spray is very easy to control .
it was easy to link to our nokia phones .
it 's great for a small fridge like mine .
bought this as a gift for a friend .
and the one with the bandage felt better .
carageenan is a thickening agent with various health risks .
spend the same amount for a more popular manufacturer .
will be trying something more natural next time .
be sure to use a soft , nonabrasive dishcloth .
the come loose and the unit falls over .
there is enough for next year as well .
it then took a tour of fedex in america .
my dog has started to become anxious at bedtime .
my first set developed a buzz after several weeks .
list/note apps and other things are more convenient .
however you do get what you pay for .
it cleans up so easy too ; even scorched .
but still too much salt for my taste .
seems very solid and ithink it will last .
just wish even more items were amazon prime .
i really wanted this to be a great product .
two to three times a week or more .
better get it from the web with them .
i use this plug now as a back up .
the leather cover adds a bit of uniqueness .
neither was able to fit this laser on it .
neither of us cared for any of these .
i am even considering getting the toaster oven size .
bought this to organize my earrings for moving .
good entry item if you are considering global .
sam adams ? these mixes have the same issue .
the corn will be hot , and perfectly cooked .
so not off to a good start already .
i believe this model be the best choice .
i also work at social events and birthday parties .
i waited on-line at midnight to get this madden .
this is the backup i use in my truck .
when jobs do go through they are agonizingly slow .
i specially bought this item to increase sex level .
i have a ped-egg that needed a blade replacement .
this is a great value for the money .
most of it is the usual kensington quality .
the photo shows a pretty bright sky blue .
growing boys & other hearty eaters would't be .
they sent me a new battery right away .
you can make any size work for you .
i buy nothing but kong for my dog .
so i bought the batteries as a gift .
three temps would never hack it with me .
perfect size for someone who sips throughout the day .
i ca n't believe i paid money for this .
this is an absolutely horribly programmed one player game .
will probably test product out before ordering next time .
i purchased a sony ps3 to play video games .
this was a completely frustrating and disappointing toy .
we will dump this machine and buy another brand .
the product name is misleading in my opinion .
this is my third time purchasing backbeat 903 headphones .
then the body part became broken into many pieces .
they hold the right amount and are well made .
the cover fits perfectly , as does the cushion .
but these speakers are great for the price .
they hold our tablecloth on the table well .
they work great for all cooking measurement needs .
i would spend the extra 10-15 dollars anyday .
she instructed me on what equipment she needed .
no different then others i have purchased locally .
i had smaller tanks with a small bioload .
these cases fit and have stayed on very snugly .
i have n't actually tried these new ones yet .
well maybe not because these taste really are bland .
this phone is more stable in every way .
i just love my new pots and pans .
this is the best case i 've ever seen .
look for a military model by another maker .
i am very happy with the overall experience .
it just did n't have that nice coffee smell .
when the kettle is 1/2 or more full .
i ordered this charger for my palm pre .
theres not much to say about a creamer .
tastes great and is affordable on a budget .
the filter paper is somewhat heavier than other filters .
i am totally satisfied with these cutting boards .
the metal is thin and cheap , bending easily .
i like the cradle that came with it .
it could have been a meal to eat out .
amazon gave me instructions on how to return it .
recommend it highly to anyone in the kitchen .
what more can you say about vacuum filters ? .
it does not mount to the nikon dsl 3100 .
this bracelet should be advertised for small children .
this is a huge supply of butcher 's twine .
this is just what i was looking for .
if you 're looking for bluetooth headphones get these .
i love this product and have no issues .
all the other thousands of pots were amazing .
a very good cooker for a very reasonable price .
a similar material but scarf like would be better .
not one thing i can find to improve .
i probably would have bought something of better quality .
save your money and go for something better .
this game is a lame excuse for attention .
the headset operates best with the phone in sight .
i really wish i had a better laptop .
rubber grips make them super easy to use .
the audio does n't seem to be very crisp .
my large vacuum is brand new and very nice .
works and fit well in any cigarette socket2 .
it straightened but it did n't curl her hair .
will stick to actual face paint next time .
you have to keep an eye on this timer .
this product from france was a big disappointment .
i purchased these because they were available in 5e .
would recommend i used this for an iphone .
for such a cheap price this pasted my expecations .
for such expensive toys i expected better warranty .
i got my cover faster than i thought .
i have n't seen a better more effortless peeler .
this came in a package of three items .
when i got it , the top was plastic .
we clean it and replace the charcoal filters regularly .
not like our old heavy duty sit'n spin .
another bad point is the plagiarism of another game .
immediate response and very extensive help on removing bubbles .
lay them on wax paper in the freezer .
now i can be assured of no gmos .
i am seeing many complains regarding the wrong size .
it did n't install as indicated on the instructions .
my 8 year old daughter has the same issue .
it did not say belkin on the cable itself .
they also contain a weird ingredient ; corn malodextrin .
i bought this as a gift for my daughter .
i am a big fan of this product .
until i found out about the ingredient bismuth oxychloride .
i was so glad i found them on amazon .
these glasses are our favorite every day wine glasses .
we used the belgium waffle mix from the store .
it 's easy to use and works every time .
i bought this charger a few years ago .
the shape of the scoop facilitates the job .
or , the neck part will get stuck out .
the base was a pearl red base with sparkle .
i have lots of these in different colors .
but i bought it at almost half the price .
before they would barely make it a day .
the unit works fine but the mug is .
wires fit into a pocket beneath the retractable handle .
worth a try but did not work for me .
the hardware quality on these phones are cheap also .
this is the worst game of its type .
give yourself a few trial runs with plain water .
they like to pee quite a bit , too .
i grew up with osterizer in the house .
no-monthly fee here is a double-edged sword here .
the wood is beautiful with a natural finish .
earpieces are very unique to the individual using them .
you will most likely keep it at full volume .
i also use it to mince garlics , too .
this steamer works exactly as it supposed to .
the oxo was the only one that held together .
this is a great tool in the kitchen .
so i ordered the jawbone era in midnight .
for little hands this becomes a difficult task .
this can cause a great deal of confusion .
this is probably just an xp-ea site incomatibility error .
ea games on the other hand has burnout legends .
many bagless vacs fall short in this area .
i started stacking blocks between two flag poles .
i think its b/c i have two dogs though .
seems more likely that it 's just plain aluminum .
use a deep bowl instead of a wide bowl .
reasonable price for this amount and they last forever .
the scroll wheel had something wrong with it .
ended up giving what i had left away .
the warmer the weather the higher it pushes up .
i was told they 'd get back to me .
i also do not recommend him to anyone .
she hardly gives this thing a second look .
this is the polar opposite of sleepytime tea .
i have had the handvac for about two years .
i would give it 0 stars if i could .
the interior fabric bunches so you have to adjust .
i tried it with and without sweetener , etc .
pull step 1 plastic off protector just partially .
never again , and i bought two of these .
my dog decided to chew on my charger .
i just bought a samsung galaxy note 3 .
i am sad that the description was not accurate .
if you shop elsewhere you are waisting your money .
we will get more for all our bedrooms .
here the added sugar was the whole taste .
bought this for my wifes ipod 4 touch .
i needed a bargain device and this was cheap .
very ingenious design with really two cases in one .
do n't waste your money on an inexpensive mill .
most times is works 50-75 % of the time .
who 's to say what will break or not .
it is basically some pipes with plastic ends .
a disturbing trend in ww2 games : bloodless war .
i now duct tape it on at night .
was somewhat concerned after reading some of the reviews .
not a tear shed because it is so sharpe .
i 'd would have had to return this otherwise .
it was easy to get on and off .
it distinctly lacks in any sort of flavor .
i found that there are too many characters though .
besides that it does exactly what it says ! .
oversized metal hooks will fit most conventional hanging rods .
and it feels stiff and bulky and flat .
some of nordic ware 's other stuff is ok .
i have quite a few different taylor thermometers .
other cookie scoops the batter falls right out .
then it rusted when we went to wash it .
this was a horrible waste of my money .
one of the smallest i have ever seen .
word of caution though - watch the price .
plenty of oils out there just as good .
short enough to not get in the way .
love the non glare of the screen protector .
this battery is dated 2013 , but is defective .
some things just cook better in cast iron .
i wish i had kept my old one .
just 10 minutes ago received this in the mail .
it is technically the best according to the experts .
it did come way faster then originally stated .
dramm is the best when it comes to brass .
i bought this to go with my non-stick cookware .
it is very easy to clean as well .
some german brands sell lid wrenches for $ 20 .
this has been my favorite bundt pan for years .
the phone was worthless without the extended battery .
it does a good job of grinding the beans .
bought this as a gift for a young couple .
do n't make the same mistake like i did .
nothing against the product , it was just me .
works just fine but no longer in use .
the fight got called in the first round .
i bought the g650 with the di-624 router .
true but by only 5 degrees or so .
falls off easily and is nowhere near as durable .
ordered these when my one expensive stylus stopped working .
and i hardly notice any weight around my neck .
this product is for anyone who likes to cook .
unfortunately it makes the drink taste like plastic .
i 've only washed this by hand so far .
i was falling out of the 44ddd i ordered .
you will be hooked after just trying one .
i use it to fry bacon and stir fry .
i ca n't imagine wheat dust inhalation is better .
this is what i thought i was purchasing .
her pancakes were thin and very much like crepes .
cheap looking and probably will not last long .
this press is the best i have used .
purchased this for my garage , but was disappointed .
this is a bigger & more powerful model .
it looks nice on the counter and works perfectly .
we used cellophane packaging tape to fix that .
these tongs seem to have the locking mechanism backwards .
i would do business with this company again .
i did not notice any results from this product .
i will now go back to doing research .
i thought i would try a refurbished battery first .
it will not cut the cats hair at all .
it has kind of a weird smell also .
as if the lower level is n't loud enough .
it should say for cats 6 months and older .
but in less than an hour he destroyed it .
pros : it is super tight and fits well .
this product was evidentily designed without adequate noise control .
it is a time tested product that just works .
this product sounded like a great idea to me .
another stupid thing is the way your character walks .
the ximeta is definitely not-ready-for-primetime in the mac world .
there is no cream aspect to the coffee .
i really hated the chewiness of some corns .
it came with instructions in english and japanese .
only fired about 50 rounds with laser in weapon .
i really , really wanted to love this bra .
installation was easy and caused no destruction with installation .
having a new battery was just an extra plus .
he howls if this thing comes near him now .
saw this online and gave it a try .
i accidently inhaled some because it was dry .
he tried it and really liked it as well .
have fun trying to get it to work .
the cats lay right on the area treated .
they need to make the real final fantasy 13 .
the waffle iron came with recipes on its package .
perfect size for a half-cup or so of peppercorn .
i 'm definitely sold on wusthof grand prix knives .
we have owned this attachment for approximately 4 years .
it charges quickly and is relatively light weight .
if get pregnant i will edit this review .
then around 5 hours later needed to throw up .
it will only stay strait ahead or up .
my wife bought me a cocomotion years ago .
in cooked dishes any olive oil flavor mostly disappears .
i do n't love the taste of it however .
the fit to the ear is very comfortable.3 .
this is a handy product i must say .
i personally would not buy this at this price .
or opt for the ever faithful otter box .
i 'm very dissapointed in the overall product quality .
i would never buy any other brand of pot .
i have to say..not impressed with this one .
the whole idea of this design is ingenious .
expect to spend hours getting your collection moved over .
i bought these for my daughters for christmas .
the battery life on this headset is unbeatable .
i typically do this at night while traveling .
they fit all my various sized fido jars perfectly .
my judgement is that they have been getting better .
the rest of the shoe is no better .
i bought this for my best friends bridal shower .
this toy looks way nicer in the picture .
i added the sugar while mixing the other ingredients .
the fm radio picks up stations so clearly .
back magic plus does a better job for me .
adds up to about five gallons a day .
thus , it is hard to lock down tight .
it had a weird smell as well..not leather smelling .
let me start by saying i love smokehouse .
the regular wall charger pulls in 500-700 milliamps .
it only supports a limited number of usb printers .
there is just no slip with the fibrox handle .
would have taken 2-3 hours on the stove .
this is the greatest little machine ever made .
it stopped spinning today on dec 5 2011 .
hey , it is only your hard earned money .
sometimes trial and error is where you learn .
the plastic was just too thin and brittle .
this is one hell of a mediocre game .
first the pieces that hold the case together cracked .
you ca n't go wrong with these ice tongs .
i love this , i bought 2 of these .
people can hear me just fine in the car .
on a regular electric stove it works great .
i 've been using them and absolutely love them .
i bought this punching bag as a christmas gift .
been wanting a new processor for a long time .
once they see you , they charge to attack .
everything about the game is annoying and confusing .
nice that it comes in various colors as well .
i recommend that we all get new batteries .
the laser and light come in handy with pets .
i finally tried to fill the base with water .
problem that i had was how easily it scratches .
this is one great and simple expresso maker .
not to mention the different colors available in it .
holds well and sticks to metal great value .
dents easily and the carry case fell apart .
these make the ball jars even more likeable .
the music is indeed sweet to listen to .
then i noticed a noise coming from the stand .
my favorite cases are the rubbery hard ones .
i bought this for my moms iphone 4 .
i recommend using hard plastic spatulas/tongs with these pans .
i ordered this but was sent this full-size version .
so running around delivering combos is *still* here .
well what can i say , this battery works .
so i 'm back to using my motorola h710 .
this is the best headset i have ever used .
actually the aftertaste is better than the first taste .
it sharpens great and fits perfectly in my hand .
this is for a real man to cook with .
wall plug looks like oem but cable is aftermarket .
i can use my mifi all day with it .
he loves it and it keeps him occupied .
makes the easier to store and hold in position .
i am overall pretty happy with this case .
i have tried this antenna many times camping .
they are frustrating and not worth the bother .
it runs 24/7 and there have been no problems .
the diluted soap and the above treatment works perfectly .
first off ive tried numerous tanning lotions out there .
@ $ 50 this is not a cheap investment .
i personally love these tongs for the following reasons:1 .
it also stays in my hand without sliding .
i lift it by the built in ones .
period.follow that advice and you ca n't go wrong .
cut it down a bit and its perfect .
the curtain slides back and forth with little problem .
i normally use the original better stevia by now .
it is comfortable and the sound is super .
they roll your shower curtain so smooth and easy .
finally found support 800 number for upg inc .
other than that it is a good bra .
i could not get the older screen protector again .
i will go back to ultra next time .
i only have to fill it once a week .
you should not expect oem retail packaging though .
there was no way to clean the litter .
much better than the stuff in the supermarket .
no problems assembling them , and they seem stable .
for the price i expected at least a year .
i like the spacing on the curved cutter .
the second thing is the very irritating music .
i thought the instruction manual was reasonably clear .
works great & fits in any bag or purse .
again , another failed attempt at a racing game .
the cup markings are clearly deliniated in red .
this high-quality product solved all of those problems .
it has a nice weight to it too .
skechers makes better loafers that you can buy .
very classy and makes you smile in the morning .
for the price , it is hard to beat .
they have such a well deserved good reputation .
it is my own fault for buying this junk .
may get two more for my mother and i .
the belt is basically too wide for wrangler jeans .
i used the brush attachment which kept falling off .
fabulous for scooping items out of hot water .
it does not remove the lines on your face .
it has many sought-after features , including convection baking .
bigger than i could find at any local store .
i am so pleased that i bought it .
the inside of the lid does get splashed .
i do n't think that charge is well documented .
plus i like making pita bread on it .
it did not taste like the original english muffins .
i was somewhat skeptical when purchasing this item .
do what the smart people do : buy verbatim .
she said it 's sturdy and deep fries perfectly .
it seemed it had some problems operating correctly .
this is a great garlic press for the price .
i found myself always gravitating to this particular model .
i have dry skin and hardly ever break out .
no issues with fitment or breakage like others mentioned .
i definitely will upgrade before i fly again .
i made the mistake of requesting the wrong battery .
it did n't come off easily with dish soap .
it is very handy and is very durable .
this product sad to say does not really work .
read the other 4 and 5 star reviews .
so , i started reading reviews on different colognes .
it does delivery nicely on all of that promise .
this was our 3rd purchase of this exact peppermill .
it arrived very quickly and i love it .
the best case for me is one that 1 .
just what i need- makes perfect scoops for cookies .
this is clearly a used or refurbished battery .
anyone who does any ironing would love this appliance .
my next purchase is the 6 piece set .
maybe for an older child it would be ok .
the game looks pretty bad for a psp game .
i actually threw it away after three bites .
sometimes i 'm there for up to 3 hours .
in fact i gave my son my old tongs .
the quality is good , if not the best .
this intercooler fan can actually damage the 360 .
finally got my seidio 3500 mah for my evo .
entire day before i could use my device .
the construction is solid and should last a lifetime .
this is such a charming little sugar bowl .
i also like the separate steaming basket included .
would purchase again if i need a new one .
i like the transportability of having folding legs .
it 's white plastic and the lid is removable .
it does take some time to make each waffler .
i would n't risk a real rifle with it .
this was super cheap and it looks nice .
no need to chop or buy prepared foods again .
i feel like i have been ripped off .
until the first use and it fell off .
called cuisinart and they sent a new one .
it has been a solid product with no problems .
the case is very sturdy and great quality .
i tried this on my comcast cable system .
a handy tool , and i highly recommend it .
they came the day after i places the order .
great for small amounts but tedious for bigger production .
time will tell whether it will actually work .
i use a silicon spatula to remove my eggs .
i try to read the reviews more carefully ! .
i might buy another pair to just keep around .
you do n't bend your finger to play slide .
it has a good rubbery feel to it .
so i decided to try the adult version .
the rainbow six series is an excellent series .
i purchased this because it sounded so good .
this product did nothing to alleviate the problem .
reports can be filed on-line at the ftc website .
so i had to reclean the screen again .
less bells and whistles = less things to break .
easy to clean if you keep it oiled .
the first of the three blew in 30 minutes .
i purchased these to build on my dehydrator set .
i called customer service and they sent a replacement .
i do n't understand most of these good reviews .
sharp enough to send you to the hospital .
i wish they made these with a harder rubber .
i tried widening it but not the greatest results .
then i smell like this stuff all day .
first off great product at a great price .
this camera was intended to break price barriers .
there is no reason it has to be so .
heats up well.i am quite happy with it ! .
i 'm writing in response to the other reviews .
this stuff does not really clump up either .
i never got any customer support from this company .
it just eliminates hair much much more effectively .
trying thethe original butter bell crock by l .
yes i paid $ 30 bucks for this garbage .
it can also connect to two phones simultaneously .
to bad it makes my phone thinker and heavier .
she was a little disappointed but got over it .
until i ordered this and used it once .
it heats evenly and is easy to clean .
a whole amo belt worth of heavy fire .
the occasional paradigm shift is the form of strategy .
it recharges quickly and the price was right .
these look nearly as good as they cut .
and maybe a new stove in the fall .
i honestly feel like i can trust her .
disappointed as now brand supps are usually pretty good .
the price was the lowest i could find anywhere .
much better than fighting with a conventional corkscrew .
i bought these lee jeans over 2 years ago .
no issues as far i came to use it .
my next impression was how nice it looked .
it seemed to have an old taste to it .
my only complaint is in the mounting hardware .
drop few more bucks and get something else ! .
this specific measurement is no where within the instructions .
they should take this item off the market .
a mfg design that i have to live with.2 .
we use this double griddle all the time .
was looking for something a little more protective .
works great in the car , and at home .
i had to wash it out after 3 days .
we tried several surfaces & angles without success .
it must double the thickness of the phone .
my daughter saved up and purchased this for herself .
this works perfectly , right out of the box .
this is a handy little kitchen scale.the 11 lb .
this cover is made of heavy , quilted fabric .
these work and it was easy to do .
no assembly required , it comes in one piece .
other than that , it is a nice case .
this is a really nice usb 2.0 hub .
the batteries held up like they were supposed to .
the lable on the package says brown rice .
good thing seller gave me a refund thou .
i can live with it but i expected better .
i bought this and used it per instruction .
all these five star reviews really awe me .
i searched for days to find one comparable .
there is nothing wrong with this cell cover .
a cheaper , stiffer cord might slip right in .
they work perfectly and look great as well .
this salt and pepper set is so cute .
unfortunately , i was not lucky with my purchase .
the first time his grandparents bought it for him .
it 's like watching a movie in slow motion .
this extra rack really helps to free up space .
this bag is a generous size for the price .
and quite frankly , caesar ii was more fun .
the cutter is small compact and easy to use .
it does n't even feel like a mario game .
i would have hoped for a little more precision .
that is the simplest way to control the grind .
do not cook dessert with sugar on it .
it will not look like the picture shown .
you assemble it with bolts included in the package .
my phone is safe like hundred times before .
my dad got this for me 2 years ago .
my brother recommended this and i love it .
another great product from the 3m command line .
tastes too much like regular oil for me .
i love saving the step of removing it .
it is a very quiet and solid machine .
the coffee is muddy and it tastes heavy .
i 've owned this juicer for about a year .
it was pretty disappointing when it broke so quickly .
this is not near as good as first .
exactly what i needed at a great price .
the information on the page said it would .
i had no reason to like or dislike this .
i am very pleased with my blackberry telephones .
they were the right size and a pretty color .
i have these hooked up to a video projector .
it was too sweet , and not spicy enough .
would definitely recommend this one ! happy shopper here .
the skillet came ready to use and well seasoned .
this causes the liquid to dry out rather quickly .
but otherwise works like a charm , charges fast .
i have this tripod for just 3 months .
think about where you are going to store it .
it come off in the matter of hours .
bought this charger to leave in my truck .
our daughter stopped using it after 1 month .
i have had several humidifiers over the years .
this is the brand sold all over italy .
i am not a huge fan of this product .
the back strap also did not fit right .
this is my first attempt at bling..i love it .
this spoon is big , however it works great .
it did not fit and i returned it .
very disappointing , but i use it sometimes anyways .
i would have preferred a grind not as fine .
i have a model 642 with rubber grip .
and yet it is compact and not too heavy .
others complained about this and they were right .
i smelled like a man most of the day .
underfilling makes you have to pump it forever .
so it is clearly a flaw in the product .
they work great at insulation , almost too well .
a very nice set which arrived in beautiful condition .
i have to give props to amazon , though .
this is great as an additional sound machine .
fighting system is the worst i have played .
i however at this point highly recommend it .
i would not buy this again nor recommend it .
the tops lost their shapes and got saggy .
why waste tooth picks ? it paid for itself .
did n't look that great for my face shape .
i would give these as a gift without hesitation .
i 'm interested in trying other recipes for popsicles .
maybe i am just not one of those people .
this has happened to me dozens of times .
use it literally every day making eggs for breakfast .
the fabric is loosey-goosey , easily picked and shredded .
for some reasons did not work for me .
tip : coat these boards in oil before use .
wires are not long enough to accommodate it elsewhere .
a few hours later i poured out the whey .
i filled them up using a turkey baster .
i 'm very fed up with the food industry .
i would recommend it to any good cook .
the lavender smell is a little funky too .
i dont even use the txt to voice option .
i 've not shot with the new one yet .
this is just a deal i ca n't pass .
highly recommend for children or people with small ears .
my kids wanted pop the pig desperately for christmas .
so smooth to the touch and attractive color .
delonghi bg24 perfecto indoor grill is just great .
instead i received garish colors and circus-clown prints .
i could n't believe the fluffiness of the eggs .
3 of every 5 i pick are hard .
save your money and buy a micro-plane grater .
it got very boring very quick for me .
the battery failed to charge after only two years .
google open luggage pen and watch the shocking video .
dont listen to anyone who says it leaks .
perfect for people that shop at wholesale clubs .
getting all of my knives sharpened got pretty expensive .
my dogs shredded this toy in about an hour .
needs to state if the product contains latex .
maybe a dock would be a better choice .
i know the company has a reputation for that .
i had to throw away quite abit of it .
i like mashed potatoes with a number of dishes .
it looks like an accordion from the profile .
always leaked all over and very disappointed with it .
we use these for our coasters throughout the house .
we have a very small kitchen working area .
purchase the plantronics voyager 510 over this one .
2 ) add extra oil to your cornbread recipe .
i get so many compliments on this case .
love that the case has a rubber feel vs .
recommend to see doctor and have acutane pill .
civ iii is a radical departure from the latter .
you can also use it for food of course .
it pushes out the ropes of the swing .
for these duties , the 6-inch size is perfect .
was dull when received but was able to sharpen .
i will definitely not be drinking more of this .
comfort is around a 7 out of 10 .
we will upload the video later this week.3 .
i could feel my lips swelling around the edges .
i purchased this for the upcoming archery season .
does not fit my garmin 60 series gps receiver .
and the beer made from those were terrible .
i want a refund , plus an hourly wage .
this just did not fit well on my chair .
the on gold standard should not be a standard .
several more rips occurred with just one use .
if i put more hair it doesnt close up .
one thing is good about this is the appearance .
it was heavy and was very hard to style .
i have used this bag on several hikes .
price is reasonable and acceptable for a vacuum ! .
i thought the modern design would enhance performance .
it is , when the stars and planets align .
the handspring visor is nice , but extremely bulky .
ca n't run a kitchen without good mixing bowls .
this is a fun cover for my phone .
it works great and is so comfcomfortable to hold .
i never got the motivation to do it .
one of the best purchases i 've ever made .
120v input ok.problem must be in the circuit card .
philyodaddy is the best in a tough world .
i do n't taste any plastic or off flavor .
i would not recommend it for large families .
some things to remember before you purchase this1 .
that was nov 14th it is now dec 5th .
this is a great easy to use coffee grinder .
also , clean up is a mess on these .
you 'll have 2-3 guys attacking you at once .
would definitely buy again if mine ever break .
i bought this nokia e71 for straight talk service .
i use them for my iphone calls when driving .
the remote makes it a pleasure to use .
but up it popped in my gold box .
i will buy another when it wears out .
the pot cooks well and is easy to clean .
this also works pretty well with sticky buns .
it just upset my stomach and tasted pretty terrible .
these have been great to clean up the mess .
great in principle but not really in practice .
other brands simply do not stack up to zagg .
oxo tongs , good quality for a china product .
i really do n't know what else to say .
the graphics were horrible , too rough and generic .
perfect height for working next to a desk .
i have had the misto for about a month .
i know this because i am a nurse .
i used it once and went straight to garbage .
i use this little gadget while riding motorcycle .
i 've owned a dsc f828 for 10 years .
it really moves the air and is very quiet .
the review here is solely to warn unsuspecting consumers .
it conforms well to the hand as you scoop .
it allows you to mount it horizontally or vertically .
its a cute cover but it had stains .
have already bought a second one as a gift .
i ca n't stand big chunks of flax seeds .
the popper itself is a bit awkward to clean .
especially the ability to filter as you pour .
the knife sharpener in back is an added bonus .
two minutes after my order , my phone rings .
i bought the tung brush to replace a toothbrush .
you practically must buy water pot cleaning tablets .
i was very happy with amazon 's 4-3 pricing .
this product is well made and works perfectly .
this is bad one can not use at al .
they are razor sharp andeasy to keep that way .
i now have covers on phone and other tabs .
a few of them have disconnected their radio antennas .
purchased this charger to replace a broken e71 charger .
but i am very disappointed in this product .
but then why buy a 10-cup coffee maker ? .
but it shouldnt be by ripping us off .
the product i wanted had a ball point end .
absolutely the worst silicone cloths i 've ever purchased .
stuff does get under the screen protector easily .
i really love the smell of this product .
purchased from modern home products and came un-boxed .
great way to dry out your dish towel .
it also does n't seem to moisturize very effectively .
this game should never have been allowed out .
size could be larger for a decent size pancake .
most people do n't seem to know they exist .
i actually had a really difficult time with that .
the fittings are all in plastic and hardly durable .
every level is narrowly encased in an invisible barrier .
i occasionally made pizza using an aluminum baking pan .
never leaks , even upside down in the bag .
so i decided to opt for a external battery .
adjusting the antennas and router position does help greatly .
protein bars should help stifle one 's hunger cravings .
seems like a great screen protector so far .
you also barely get to interact with the environment .
laundry room items should be more sturdy , imo .
somehow we lost the seal to our blender .
these dishes replaced dishes that were 22 years old .
they are shallower than i expected and smaller .
i figured this would translate to better reception .
this was not at all what i expected .
its great for my teen and my husband .
i literally felt sick and threw up from it .
however , with company this pot is not convenient .
the handles on the cups are also nice .
i have had multiple failures of various kinds .
for only a couple bucks i ca n't complain .
it is very sturdy and very easy to use .
there is an optional container for grinding flour6 .
i would not recommend on any note variant .
we love popcorn , and this baby is great .
please promise me you will never play this .
i tried them on and it was immediate relief .
very shiny and seem sturdy for the long term .
the coffee needs reheating after about a half hour .
it is very sturdy and will last forever .
i saw no benefit to using this scrub .
best way to bring tender goodness back to bread .
this phone case is extremely cheap and looks it .
they offer a variety of sizes and knife styles .
this was a gift requested by college student .
i used this ricer and it works great .
not thrills just works like a bluetooth headset should .
it was time to replace my old teapot .
all-in-all , a solid vacuum cleaner for the money .
never been so disappointed with a lip product .
great cover that fits a verizon iphone 4 perfectly .
next we gave a meatloaf recipe a try .
the thick glass is very durable and microwave/dishwasher safe .
i ca n't feel my string with it on .
neither of us wanted to wear the ear type .
this is much more than a fondue pot .
when i buy anything over $ 100 i research .
it plays audio through it well and charges .
holy smokes , it makes some insanely delicious gravy .
it is very cleverly designed to protect ur phone .
it is probably frightening him with all that noise .
i came from a canister model for years .
all the lithium ion are called extended life .
these are the worst earbuds on the market .
makes the iphone a little bulkier but it perfectly .
i do n't even know how to describe it .
wish there was a similar priced-pack for ipad .
i also use it as a marinater too .
i placed the order 2 whole months ago .
these are solid well constructed stainless steel measuring cups .
good product , well made and arrived on time .
it did what i wanted for the time being .
i cant drive with the thing plugged in .
plus one star.i started putting on the case .
it has no fat & is multi grain .
you can tell these are their lower end products .
simple and does what it shows it will do .
it give you view option like real microsoft outlook .
makes what i consider to be huge waffles .
love how it works with my iphone 4 .
perfect fit , aligns well.no complaints on this product .
we had this on our dog 2 times .
these instructions also work perfectly for carbon steel .
i went back to the air can dusters .
the cans are different than they were years ago .
these headsets were way too bulky to be comfortable .
protects well the phone and the front screen .
i love it and i would recommend it .
i got it new on ebay cheaper than amazon .
those who have used both usually have a preference .
however , usb is the only charging method included .
i guess you get what you pay for .
just recently , the plastic mesh started breaking apart .
being hot is was a problem for a while .
note the orientation of the rubber piece for reassembly .
what can i say kitchenaid makes awesome mixers .
the screen is perfect fit for the iphone4s .
towel and a pot of steaming water for me .
i was rather disappointed in the bird scare tape .
it is meant for children at his age .
i still need a full-size vacuum for that .
it arrived on the time as i was expected .
like a real honest to goodness cookie taste .
wife wanted an otterbox for her iphone 4s .
the bun warmer is pretty cook and works well .
so i always add a couple of ice cubes .
it seems to have some tacky grip to it .
i really like this pot for stews and chili .
i bought this in a few in different colors .
not at all easy to install or use .
i have not yet re-charged it even once .
this sharpener is awesome , well worth the money .
nice that no fingerprints dont get on it .
i try the best of i can be nice .
there is no protection from bumps or falls .
the ugly ones like ugly brown and grey .
this new one with sunscreen is the problem .
its made of great material and its sturdy .
about half or more of the eggs were shattered .
i used chocolate almond milk rather than soy .
it did n't work straight out of the box .
the reviews for this item are already pretty helpful .
plugs the ipad into my car and works great .
this is absolutely perfect for making smallish cookies .
their tech support is shameful and a disgrace .
not worth the effort the devopers put into it .
as an engineer i always look for good designs .
contacted nordic ware and they replaced it promptly .
and for this price you ca n't go wrong .
i blindly lept to buy the blue yeti .
i am able to make toast with it .
there are just too many things to list .
doesnt seem as if it will break easy .
it sticks out about an inch or so .
these are the handiest hangers for drying undergarments .
it shut itself off and i called kitchen aid .
i bought this after returning the presto popper .
with this sharpener , the knife became sharp again .
the screen looks great and digitizer is responsive .
a couple of washes and they would be done .
i get 2 full days of full use .
it works as expected and shipping was fast .
the timer setting and drip stop features work flawlessly .
i recommend this product from wabash valley farms .
i would n't even use it as air freshened .
i am overjoyed at my new quality containers .
the speaker is better than most speakerphones out there.4 .
the are stainless steel with comfortable soft grips .
i can whisk anything at a high power .
i also have an issue with the bottle .
i cant praise these headphones enough still no problems .
fits perfectly on my uscellular samsung galaxy s2 .
the white one was to replace my old spatula .
i have n't had any problem with them tangling .
the size listed on these socks is wrong .
maybe the flavored coffees just are n't for me .
will buy for another phone that i have .
avoid the headaches and get the lodge now .
it is n't as nearly as comfortable without it .
plus clean up is much easier with paper filters .
great case for work and not very bulky .
easy to move around because it is lightweight .
it is very sticky which means it attracts everything .
i use it at least once per day .
i like the small size though i had smaller .
i also use it for canned plum tomatoes .
my next step is to try technical support .
i was having problems with a wireless notebook card .
the hefty weight of this meat pounder is ideal .
i no issues and it came on time .
after trying to use it i promptly returned it .
nice weight to it and it feels quite sturdy .
this is a great addition to my kitchen .
it does leak when you pour no matter what .
it is incredibly easy to use -very intuitive controls .
it 's a much darker brown than i thought .
do not waste your money on this product .
we have owned a couple of bread knives .
it is easy to store and is just wonderful .
it is missing the usual orange color of chedar .
the inside kitties are pretty easy to manage .
i have been using this for some time now .
this zester is easy to hold and very sharp .
took less than a minute and was completely secured .
lol i see him sleeping in there every night .
this worked about as well as hot glue would .
murphy 's law to come in and screw around .
this machine should basically be renamed or discontinued .
may look into a tpu case in the future .
i tried adjusting the eq that did n't helped .
they should last 5-10 yrs if cared for properly .
definately not worth the money or the time .
they are too big/hard and do not fit .
these were a gift , and she loved them .
they literally push the water off the hair .
it was very clumpy , very un mask like .
heats evenly and clean up is a snap .
it moves a huge amount of air totally silently .
this reel did not last a whole season .
the problem with that is higher possibility of rust .
it was just what she needed in her business .
it looks like a science project gone wrong .
protects the case all around and in the back .
lets just say , it gets the job done .
but this is not the one to buy .
strongly recommend to anyone looking for a travel mug .
these are the dockers briefs you do not want .
my issue with the 5 qt is the shape .
plus euro 3g compatibility on top of the us3g .
do not even bother cleaning the copper strip .
i would absolutely recommend this black and decker toaster .
i was even more thrilled when i got it .
this is oem and not third party after market .
unfortunately for me , it has one fatal flaw .
this is the one that i like the best .
try out christie in tekken 5 for example .
i got all of that with the corelle .
this item never worked out of the box .
also , this adapter makes a very secure connection .
the quad split screen was a big nuisance .
this is by far the best one i own .
however , the tiny motor is not good quality .
it did not keep all brass out of hair .
no wires means no interrupting when performing outdoor activities .
it was a good investment in my opinion .
highly recommended for bread and loaf cake lovers .
i have 11 more cans to go through .
i trusted the brand - i trusted the reviews .
wife made an outstanding cheesecake using this pan .
during the game you get a sandcraft vehicle .
it has something to do with polluted outdoor air .
this might work better for a dryer batter .
it 's significantly more convenient and weighs much less .
i attached the product according to the directions .
the shirt has very little give to it .
this thing is a cheap piece of junk .
these lanyards look to be very well made .
also when you walk the gun bounces pretty good .
you get to create monsters and do simple missions .
looks nice and they last for a long time .
peel it back to see it contains parabens .
i have only used this for water bath canning .
have n't had any issues with it at all .
slicing meats and homemade breads was a big pain .
i plan to buy a few for my friends .
it arrived today and i could n't be happier .
that was a great feature of the s10s .
copper bottom and it whilstles when the water boils .
great product that i would recommend to everyone .
you will battle so much in this game .
durable and seems similar quality to apple products .
i contacted herban but they never returned my email .
the dust eventually ends up in the screen .
i had to send this back to amazon .
my thighs and seat were under severe compression .
bought this for my card table for thanksgiving dinner .
i was not happy with the results with this .
it produces foolproof omelets and the food never sticks .
this case is perfect and so was the service .
this device works but it is very noisy .
i 've had this phone since august of 2010 .
gave it as a gift with the matching cups .
in noisy environments , simply click the function button .
best price i can find for a cordless .
it saved me from buying a new phone ! .
it lasts until i take it off at night .
this set of scoops was a great deal .
it is for slim straight jeans , color black .
i use it daily and i really like it .
never will your characters be gods over an enemy .
it 's a weak blend with an overpowering aroma .
your mouse cursor is faster than the game .
you can also roll dough out on them .
mainly because i do not care for first-person shooters .
i think this was mentioned in other reviews .
i am overall very pleased with this item .
this took all of sixty seconds or so .
i think this knife is overkill for most cooks .
then i unplugged them both from the chargers .
i kept thinking of wet soggy flavored cardboard .
i found the tea to be flat and tasteless .
this told us it was an environmental issue .
i had a difficult time getting this to work .
i have nothing to say bad about this .
i wanted him to be able to lay down .
it can reach a whole flight of stairs .
i think it is a pretty decent buy .
ordered a iphone 3gs lcd screen from bedfordpower .
this worked great for side and back sleeping .
i use my bread mold set a little different .
i know what will be on my christmas list .
looks nice sitting out on the range too .
i have had mine for a couple of years .
i am unsure if that is good or bad .
i guess it depends onhow hungry they are .
as you put one together 4 more fall off .
this mini steamer is unbelievable and yet so simple .
i bought this one because of the removable plates .
this is a sturdy dutch oven , great quality .
a folded blanket or pillow would be as effective .
i returned them one hour after i got them .
the multilayer is really cool with your friends .
no one purchased it at the garage sale either .
this arrived on time and in good condition .
it takes great pictures and does good videos .
it burns like hell after a close shave .
overall , this is a good low cost solution .
what i do not like is raw almond butter .
we all know how we easily destruct out equipment .
civilization 3 is my favorite of the civilization series .
i searched for this for my father for years .
others have said it more often and well .
it did not bring in many channels for me .
will need to buy pricey dvi cable , too .
disappointed the picture is what really throws it off .
the anti-glare filter helps a lot in the sun .
the manufactures warranty for the motor is one year .
it 's much better than wrestlemania 2000 on n64 .
easy to cut and design held up well .
they are just the right size and shape .
all of it is well made and works wonderfully .
these are beautiful & i absolutely love them .
maybe even a little worse than those two .
my final problem is with the cord length .
this is a stylish handset and easy to use .
i dont know why it went down so much .
we bought it so we could tie up chicken .
so the idea of family life is squashed .
this was by no means a smooth playing experience .
i never had a problem with those buttttttttt .
i only get around three hours sleep every night .
will order more when my new granddaughter gets here .
leaving a bit grease on acts like re-seasoning .
try excel stretch mark cream you want be dissappointed .
hook up a thumb drive and your set ! .
a little too big but not to bother about .
same went for the flash and the auto timer .
it was clean then , but we had one .
interestingly the same camp ca n't enjoy blu-ray movies .
my 4 month old loves when i turn it .
it helps rests my spoons when i am cooking .
it looks a little darker in the picture .
this was a great buy for the price .
i recommend anyone to try a smaller size .
i have been using this since i got it .
the carafe is kept heated for a couple hours .
i called them and they were extremely helpful .
this longer knife is essential in my opinion .
it is the most handy item that i use .
i am not even convinced it truly is coffee .
these measuring cups are flat-bottomed stainless , and substantial .
this is too heavy and large for the chest .
if you want low cal popcorn this works great .
the cat and the dog can fit through it .
great price works well especially when working out .
quality looks and construction on my blue one .
wanted to see if you could replace the tip .
a total waste of money , and huge disappointment .
everything fits stably and securely on the motor base .
also , the speaker crapped out after 4 days .
it grinds beans and does so pretty well .
and yes , the lid did come with mine .
i ignored this instruction but it did not matter .
lots of grinder dust that chokes my portafilter .
will update.=================update 2/22/2012=================i purchased another starter from same seller .
if you have pets you really need this machine .
took another 3-4 weeks to replace the replacement .
the instructions on this product have to be wrong .
it feel like it was made by a child .
gave it away after indifference from my dog .
i would recommend being very careful with it .
i ended up purchasing something else skinnier and longer .
id smack this kid if he were real .
i do n't think this is one of them .
first , haptic screens take some getting used to .
i will buy these from target going forward .
avoid this 90 dollar option for the moment .
the quality of the glass is really good .
i do n't have any real complaints about them .
as for the age range on the bike .
was curious as to why they would do that .
it is just too light and is slightly top-heavy .
but the option of just buying the head vs .
last month i waited 24 days for a refund .
i got it for $ 4 so cant complain .
maybe this will have better effect on short-haired cats .
this pan had a different surface and performed abysmally .
new batteries in once or twice a year .
i prefer their other product - the manta ray .
i even bake in the oven in it .
it is your hard-earned money , fight for it .
the nice thing is that it is stack-able .
it is also good as a mixing bowl .
i did the math on the the kenmore upright .
if you are a tone fanatic keep looking .
does the job just as well if not better .
got it at the suggestion of a reviewer .
the knife is made out of garbage as well .
i love jars and containers made of glass .
half the price of this and double the coverage .
never received a reply , return call - nothing .
i am disappointed because i really liked wearing them .
they are low in calories and low in taste .
i bought this to charge our kindle fires .
i love them and use them every day .
it is a power adapter and a usb cable .
personally i think the issue is widely overblown .
there is always just one way to go .
the devil may cry series is headed down hill .
immediately took it home and placed his cookies inside .
i am glad the dog did not run away .
in breezy conditions the microphone was not affected .
during the cutting process , the handle suddenly cracked .
works with any phone basically aside from iphone .
all 7 turned their noses up on this food .
all cases wont fit with the shield protector on .
the chuckit glow ball is a little harder .
and then powered it on and it started beeping .
blue at the top , black at the bottom .
this was a christmas gift for my parents .
with two spoons this recipe makes a terrible mess .
i do n't know how others said it worked .
it was also incredibly expensive for what it was .
i prefer to buy these individually as a treat .
easy to install and it is as it advertise .
i use this to met and clarify butter .
the purchase does come with a front plastic protector .
it feels like it only works when it pleases .
for the price this is a great funnel .
just as a quick and easy meal replacement .
that i lived is owing to my toughness .
this is the perfect accessory for power hungry droid .
i was constantly having to stick it back .
the muscle tees are also cut too thin .
slow to focus and has annoying shutter lag .
will definitely order more in the near future .
i am stuck with this useless wet dry shaver .
and finally , the voice prompts on the unit .
bought this too wear under sweater but too uncomfortable .
supposedly the new zagg batteries fixed this problem .
still in my top few favorites for headsets .
i 've ordered two sets of this dish set .
over 20 years old and still works perfect .
any less in quality i would dock a star .
it cleans up beautifully and is made very well .
you could turn the volume down but not up .
bought it for myself and six of my friends .
this small folding screen gets the job done .
there are much better things on the market now .
my eighteen year old sony worked much better .
otherwise it really dries out the house too .
they 're easy to use and easy to clean .
as a wax removal cloth just not good enough .
properly seasoned nothing cooks quite like cast iron .
you can use less or more of powdered milk .
you 're better off looking for better microwavable plates .
i agree with every positive comment on this pan .
the led light on it is very bright .
the mic and volume controls do not work .
the problem we had was people hearing us .
deserves zero stars but that is not an option .
almost like it was binding or not lubed .
love that it also can go in the dishwasher .
it can also be used to microwave other goods .
that they can only use on faction targets .
i bought the intermatic brand of appliance timer .
a line or two of code above bloatware .
thought it would be fun to play with .
but i reccommend this more for an iphone 4/4s .
i use this sweet little sucker every other day .
i can scoop into hard packed brown sugar .
not a good decision for the following reasons .
and he must have scratched 8-10 times overnight too .
slides around a lot more in the car .
you also use it sometimes when battling a creature .
more like eating an animal cracker than cookie .
i use it most often for cutting onions .
mostly broth that was somewhere between flavorless and bitter .
we 've had the case for several months now .
i came down in the morning and nothing worked .
the size is perfect for any small family .
one is that it is hard to clean .
a car charger that just does the job .
very difficult to take to change the battery .
those who have used both usually have a preference .
does exactly what you would expect it to do .
do not buy if you have a wide foot .
makes my phone look like an orange creamsicle .
i wasted my money buying two of these cases .
this fell apart in less than one week .
this iron did not work for me at all .
but numerous other penalties are never even called .
so this makes about 2 typical cups of coffee .
it is mostly noise free in public use .
the ones that i purchased here were poorly made .
i experienced the same thing with the second unit .
only sometimes , and only if you are lucky .
this lifter works well for moving cakes or pizzas .
i dropped it in my kitchen on linoleum floor .
i liked everything about it but the fit .
i chose this one because it was inexpensive .
i find this tool very handy.ali julia review .
i ordered these bluetooth headphones about a month ago .
the xl is way too loose and useless .
all the quirks that existed previously are gone .
i guess you get what you pay for .
bought this as an alternative to non-stick fry pans .
perfect size for novice bakers and chef alive .
i do n't know how to properly rate this .
this is only a signal booster and nothing more .
i hand wash mine and dry it immediatly .
she likes it as much a i do .
but then that vanishes and something dreadful replaces it .
it works great for this and has never cracked .
very convenient , draining feature is great & goodcapacity .
i have had this cookbook holder for several years .
i went through the setup again and got online .
comes out of the dishwasher clean as a whistle .
i am not sure what the logic is here .
we ditched the board but kept the knife .
i guess it 's all about presentation and taste .
most of the store products are n't very good .
it has a laser pointer which is nice .
it is light weight and has incredible suction .
i 've used it for trussing loins so far .
would give it a higher rating if i could .
it is healthy and a good snack to have .
i like the older style better than this one .
my current phone does not have fm radio .
got this as a gift for my husband .
i bought my s1is when it first came out .
i would like to make a suggestion for improvement .
we drink our coffee very strong and black .
marketed as oem , performs like oem so far .
great for use simply as a cookie sheet .
guess i 'll get my new one from there .
it almost seemed like it was old or stale .
plus they seem to hold up really well .
the switch is cheap and difficult to work .
of course , no machine could remove the paint .
after washing them once some of starting to unravel .
green which makes my environmentally conscious son very happy .
the scythe makes a once miserable job easy .
it would not play any of my dvds .
we could not be happier with this purchase .
was expecting something crappy but happy with the results .
none of the other reviews mentioned this problem .
sometimes the hotel room does not have enough outlets .
use it very often and it works great .
easy to clean , place on dehydrator to dry .
the software was poor and the hardware was junk .
we had to discard the rest of the product .
these are a good basic pair of tongs .
great price for a genuine leather lambskin leather case .
no support , and the coverage is very poor .
it vacuums carpets nicely but is hard to handle .
this is the best non-stick ware i have .
explore other options , stay away from this antenna .
my bad for not looking further , beyond price .
the material of these pants are really tough .
my son has never been interested in this toy .
these did not work well for my body type .
they are beautiful , very rugged and very versitile .
and for almost $ 30 it is simply outrageous .
ive seen this for well triple the price here .
it adds sufficient color without an overbearing appearance .
for baking & everything comes out perfect every time .
i bought these as a present for my father .
did n't use an insane amount of the spray .
much better in my mind than a stop watch .
this shoestring potato cutter brings back the past .
i can raise volume and lower it easy .
it is great for meatloaf no more soggyness .
my husband purchased this case for his iphone .
full charging usually takes between one to two hours .
i really do n't know what memorex was thinking .
it does all i want it to do .
a harder surface wears down your knives faster .
in my kitchen , space is at a premium .
they happily use their silent spinner that replaced it .
we bought this coffee maker about 10 months ago .
well it broke after it ran out of batteries .
my husband thinks the more wood , the better .
i use bottled water like ozarka spring water .
a new filter ended up being the solution .
or you would experience a bag of bananas .
i was very disappointed in this first aid kit .
this thing is not ready for prime time .
make sure it will fit your knife block .
save your money and give them a milk cap .
i was not pleased and returned to amazon .
however , this headset does nothing to impress me .
i use them in my small convection oven .
is not recommended for use by chopping onions .
great case just what i was looking for .
it did work well as far as the stand .
it is very hard to maneuver the characters .
any clogging would be attributable to the grinds itself .
they do what they are supposed to do .
they are of very high quality and very durable .
the cleanser made my elderly facial skin too dry .
the quality is great , the lids fit securely .
so what distinguishes is the software on them .
so i am going back to the petmate .
the silicone ones we had were a little bulky .
this is the worse lipstick i ever tried .
it just sheared off right at the tip .
this game plays out like a board game .
i 'm will be ordering more just in case .
this sets up easy and works very well .
as a homemaker you have to multi task .
i found it very cumbersome to work with .
since it has been over a year now .
the quality seems consistent with the farberware brand .
i use organic free trade coffee and organic milk .
most are either 1 star or 4 star .
the silence switch is a little harder to reach .
i ended buying the sigma dg multi-coated filter .
we stacked the 2 on top of eachother .
it looks and feels like a quality product .
will go plenty loud if you need it to .
the main disadvantage is that you will get lost .
very pleased with the quality of these cases .
this did have a little roughness to the surface .
this is great for making soups and such .
i love how this thing cleans the carpet .
i started drinking coffee , maybe ten years ago .
squirting them with water usually cleans them without rubbing .
my other braun did not have this problem .
i have dozens and will be ordering more .
will not purchase again will stick to powder .
once i figured that out it seals every time .
looks just like the one i remember her having .
his attitude was the smell will go away .
i have n't figured out what it is yet .
that is the best advice i can give .
it just basically stays cool on its own .
i 've owned this one for 2 years now .
it just made it get more and more bitter .
the whole lot looks pretty crowded , but nice .
it is locked in place very securely and tight .
and if you do n't believe me- rent it .
i like to keep my reviews short and simple .
stains from pastas and curries come out easily .
the attachment seems to smear the water all over .
the instructions suggest taking the hippos off for storage .
you might be healthier and will certainly be wealthier .
the image quality is ok , optics are good .
label not straight- makes me wonder about quality control .
this case was very inexpensive and shipping was fast .
screen fogs if you breathe when you shoot .
it 's metal and came in a nice box .
works great , been using for about a week .
i guess this would be my only complaint .
this is a known issue , thousands of complaints.2 .
until recently , they have all been the same .
me , i need a full 10/12 cup version .
the fabric is thick and comfy on the inside .
the laces that came with them were also aggravating .
and has taken pretty good care of it .
this product is worth every dollar you pay .
very smooth texture with a little bit of granularity .
wish i had never spent the money on it .
this is not the item described that i ordered .
i bought this for my 15 year old daughter .
food never leaks out onto the can opener blade .
save your money and just wait for haze .
just perfect , crispy shells baked in the oven .
i bought this not from amazon but from steam .
the case appears to be a genuine griffin product .
it is very liquid and not much scent .
i found the tea and coffee pods delicious .
better than some of the others out there .
put super glue on it-suppose itll last for awhile .
love love love ! jawbone makes a great product .
please have your foodsaver available when you call .
it has saved the screen form many scratches .
take a look over on bitog forum for pictures .
i changed the ear clip and it still happens .
i notice nothing from using this all week .
i bought this based on the 155 reviews here .
only reason it is n't perfect is the back .
there are better hyaluronic acid products on the market .
charged it up and put my phone in .
unusable if you are at all sensitive to smell .
have used for opening bottles quite a bit .
the dimensions on this thing are completly off .
the product arrived in your typical amazon box .
first the switch on the wand broke off .
everything you need is included in the box .
i suppose the other reviewers just had better luck .
and they coordinate with so many other dishes .
i wo n't rehash the long feature list here .
the vendor had offered to make it right .
she slaughtered this lamb in ten minutes or so .
these are so cheap i ca n't believe it .
i have n't had any of the above issues .
now i have to charge everything from my computer .
the only one that worked was seachem clarity .
its rated for 20 hours of talk/listening time .
the color of the sheer strips is nice .
that one works and leaves your hands free .
on the low setting it keeps air moving steadily .
this is absolutely the best ipod case availalble .
but you sacrifice size for that much capacity .
poorly made and too tight for my head anyway .
you do get what you pay for though .
the dog ate them but they bothered her stomach .
this is my fourth stylus set purchased from amazon .
threw them out ! there is no miracle here .
i suggest getting something other than a jt .
put a paper towel over it , no mess .
comes out of the dishwasher looking brand new .
they came on time and they come in handy .
i would give this negative stars if i could .
all the buttons fit perfectly through the openings .
wiped it down several times with ethyl alcohol .
the phone still feel sleek and slim and light .
these headphones are excellent quality for the price .
its look is simple yet it is very versatile .
the price point for these is very low too .
not worth the effort to send it back .
skimpy amount and the applicator is stiff and ineffective .
i wanted pans that were not dark non stick .
dropped my phone a bunch , never a problem .
my under eye skin has always been dry .
product did not work , it had no charge .
much more so than the apple cables themselves .
pill boxes are too big to fit in pocket .
i did not like the taste of this bread .
got a great price on the lightning deal .
putting in my amazon order for systane now ! .
i like the idea of the chiller freezer packs .
la camara full hd lo recomiendo al 100 % .
just to see if it got any better .
i would recommend this for any droid bionic .
i can topple hot dog stands with a scooter .
most of the electic tea kettles require it .
i called again and they sent me a replacement .
i have used this charger for over a year .
those are the only things keeping this toy around .
my understanding is that the battery is not replacable .
you will get used to the size very quickly .
exactly the kind of dock i was looking for .
i replaced it in order to have a spare .
my kids tease me because i love zebra prints .
the leather is poor quality and supper stiff .
there has got to be something better out there .
i bought these for the office and casual wear .
unit arrived 'new ' in packaging and well shipped .
200g and up - i say watch out .
these look like bell bottoms , or boot cuts .
it will leave scratches on your screen protector .
i would not recommend this product to my friends .
the straining feature is a nice touch as well .
super strong and you ca n't go wrong product .
i have this pan and a 10 '' version .
i wanted a can opener that opens with ease .
this rack is well made , durable and sturdy .
the helper handle makes this oversize skillet very manageable .
or give her mine and buy second for myself .
they took about 2 months to get delivered .
we installed it easily with the included instructions .
the product worked great when i first purchased it .
comfortable because it has absolutely no support at all .
he barely plays with the castle at all honestly .
i used it every day for a month .
kellogs you missed the boat with this one .
it has awesome sound quality and is very loud .
it does work but takes a little care .
there is a 3-10 second delay between each photo .
some discoloration on the base but not an issue4 .
this coffee used to be similar to dunkin donuts .
so far , i have had three defective movements .
after one leg fell off , i gave up .
i have had three of this type of peeler/corer/slicer .
the fit was good , the pairing was good .
would not recommend this product under any circumstances .
so ea 's omission is either intentional or lazy .
i have a trendnet wireless router and like it .
it is made well and does the job perfectly .
my dog destroyed it in less than 60 minutes .
not even all that much olive oil flavor .
which one wills out ? tune in at 11 .
i received the wrong color and it shreds easily .
including wall charger , usb charger and car charger .
i washed it and let it air dry .
first of all it specifically advertises instant results .
this product may work at the most 10 ft .
the incredible knife quickly proved its real worth .
after you clean it you start all over again .
i bought this product for a few reasons .
i did n't like this leave in at all .
i tried several parts and a few were wrong .
they work very well at protecting your screen .
in 1.5 hours i had my iphone working .
it seems to be doing fine so far .
the cheese flavor is weak and kind of off .
it does not recognize this as a samsung product .
i wanted to customize my 1942 91/30 mosin .
coffee truly does test better in a percolator .
i ca n't understand all the range of bendaroos .
you are paying for the bland name here .
this device is lightweight and easy to maneuver .
i actually bought 2 of these for each car .
good quality , should have bought a larger one .
are the henckels more difficult to sharpen ? yes .
took forever to arrive and it was broke .
i like it better than my wusthof set .
guess my cat is just well fed and lazy .
i had a hammer like pounder before this purchase .
and the call and volume quality is great .
they still slipped and looked really dirty really quickly .
this is a nice case and it fits perfectly .
gon na have to re-install windows and start over .
a must have item if you like poached eggs .
the design is clunky and heavy on your ear .
it 's too easy to get the toys out .
you can feel this knife when you hold it .
nice for fridge shelves.bathroom cleaning , especially tile grout .
the small is too big for my chihuahua .
it is n't my choice for a good brew .
i bought this especially to make hash browns .
these cases are so good for the price .
everything else is probably a mix with green tea .
also as with otterbox the ports are well covered .
ok so i am editing this january 2011 .
yellow kitty is fed by the back door .
omg i love the way it juices greens .
it always sounded a little loose and moved easily .
chops up vegetables lickety split for fresh made salsa .
i 'm going to try and get a refund .
this seems like a knockoff of some sort .
noticed no difference or improvement in my face skin .
would purchase again if i get another blackberry bold .
i bought this hand blender to make smoothies .
they should n't have made her look so pretty .
we bought an extra stainless steel cup for it .
the size adjustment things on the head band broke .
and they still were n't done to my liking .
we are talking about wonderful texture and flavor .
luckily amazon has a pretty good return policy .
i expected the box to just be a pass-through .
it permeates it and makes the food inedible .
and it did not prevent viewing from the sides .
would recommend it to people that have this phone .
everything is moist and tasty and wonderfully textured .
after a second slam , i checked for obstruction .
also , there are quite a variety of flavors .
do n't waste your money on other expensive cases .
the holder is a perfect size for the coasters .
totally agree with other comments written about durability .
the functional design is bad from top to bottom .
well now its rusted and unable to use .
my regular mug holds about 8-10 oz of coffee .
i would venture to say 2 sizes off .
the handle is comfortable to hold and heat resistant .
i purchased it specifically for making queso dip .
it did not leave my hair smooth or shiny .
this will significantly slow down your auto focus .
they probably do n't make audible ones any more .
buy from another seller or buy another brand .
i have bought 3 versions of stereo bluetooth headsets .
recently purchase the presto popcorn bowls at wal-mart .
i had such high hopes concerning this scent .
once again , charged at the exact same rate .
workd perfect for my honeywell 50150 air cleaner .
i am pretty good applying protectors to my iphone .
the only flaws i see with this product are:1 .
nothing has helped me to get this to work .
maybe because the game is so thematically beautiful .
i would buy these again when i run out .
htc has done a great job with the incredible .
this was easy to instal and works great .
used with an amp the volume gets real loud3 .
one scratch and my cat ripped the thing up .
it is easy to use and easy to clean .
did n't work for me on windows 7 ultimate .
they make smaller sizes , but why limit yourself .
i am sure that it may just be me .
this was not to be on this blender .
it 's better than the old school meat tenderizer .
i find it easy to clean and maintain .
read the other reviews about the connectivity problems .
this is a heavy quality piece of kitchen equipment .
now that compartment cover closes wthout hitting the cables .
our son was given this last year for christmas .
i bought a separate usb-mini for the gps .
you would think it would be glued down .
side-by-side there is definitely a difference in taste .
a vet is the only answer at that point .
there is not a very strong chocolate taste .
i give this a 0 based off my usage .
i wish this company would make the medication *tasteless* .
too bad - need to buy another brand .
good print quality and very fast drying ink .
i bought this toy for my 16 month old .
so , i wanted one that used wooden sticks .
this is a great one at a great price .
perhaps the pair that i received were incorrectly marked .
the cheap price enabled me to do that .
this one will not make you love the kitchen .
we need good neck support while we sleep .
it is rugged and has a weighty quality .
will use to the end since i bought them .
now i need to search for another brand .
i still recommend the product and cellular connection .
i tried using these traps for a week .
you get what you pay for i guess though .
this thing is terrible because it does not last .
saw no difference at all in any way .
they slip off their head and are so cheap .
there is no way to remove the label .
i dont know how else to put it .
i would buy again i only needed the backs .
i was buying these for my 83y old dad .
i also use it to cook in the oven .
although this game does have a few redeeming qualities .
this one will last though hundreds of cakes .
i took them out and used concrete blocks .
this product is inexpensive for a reason i guess .
this 8-inch pan is a good try-me size .
popcorn kernals will pop better if kept refrigerated.3 ) .
perfect for your first apartment or for roommates .
i went back to my favorite artificial sweetener .
i was surprised that here was so much missing .
my experience is only with the black 560 .
my jowls are diminished and my jawline more defined .
this is the worst conditioner for curly hair .
the graphics are good but there is little substance .
most cars you wo n't want to drive anyway .
the mount comes with two extra foam pads .
this is a great food processor for small jobs .
in fact she ordered two more as gifts .
well , still no product over a month later .
but i 'm really disappointed in the cookie sheet .
the local battery shop wants thirty bucks for it .
i get so many compliments on this cover .
if i could still return it , i would .
this looks much nicer than using the folding method .
on top of that these are very thin fabric .
it can be used all over the house .
this is much less expense with the same results .
i enjoy barry 's irish tea and london cuppa .
all control buttons seems logical and user friendly .
well made but still need a smaller one .
i was enthused when i first saw this product .
let me break it down how this works .
the metal rings slide smoothly across my rod .
i like the wilton 9 inch angled spatula .
this item appeared online as a lighter color .
it would be great if it could stay together .
a must have if you game a lot .
easy to install if you follow the instrustions .
we ordered more just because we needed more .
spend the extra $ 2 its well worth it .
good isloation , good material and decent sound quality .
i pulled it off to see what going on .
i have had both hoovers products and the competitor .
in conclusion , i will never purchase this again .
but the drm just kicked it down to 1 .
i bought these for a different purpose than shooting .
the watch band is also starting to fall apart .
love keens and will stick with models i own .
so i shipped it back the next day .
i am probably not going to purchase these again .
all in all , nice for a cordless set .
the entire thing is easy to wash and clean .
then , the wires on the inside wore out .
this story is terrible , and almost non existent .
it works for a bit then drops and reconnects .
these canisters are very good quality stainless steel .
this unit burns clean with no smell or fumes .
its battery can not be replace what so ever .
theay are rugged and sturdy and look great .
i really did want to like this kit .
it is easy to read the measurements needed .
just what i wanted and thought it would be .
the drawer slides open and close without any issue .
it works with cruiser , but not with phone .
it fluffs up the mattress topper like new again .
the armorsuit protector went on easily and aligned perfectly .
it is easier to hold than the phone alone .
i do n't go anywhere without my tervis tumbler .
overall i am very pleased with this product .
i threw it out without finishing the box .
we bought this because amazon had a great price .
not good for every device such as a tablet .
it fit perfectly and accepted charge as it should .
i have been very happy with this headset .
this device just worked a couple of time .
this product is a well-made compact telescoping drying-rack .
this holds the phone in the otter case snuggly .
could n't even get network stations with this thing .
none on the box and none in the directions .
however that feeling goes away after a few times .
using the direct entry buttons became intuitive quickly .
these are some of the best measuring spoons available .
castor oil mixes with water to penetrate the soil .
anyone who buys it will not be sorry ! .
they are heaver on the top and tip over4 .
i guess you get what you pay for .
stuff does n't stick if these are seasoned properly .
it doesnt make your phone that much bigger really .
i have not replaced the first one i used .
i 'll probably get the large scoop for muffins .
obvious solution is to build a bigger army .
the thermos holds heat well beyond 4 hours .
practice on a garden knife not your henkels .
it took 2 weeks to get a response .
i would not buy batteries from this company again .
this is the absolute best holster for the thunderbold .
all i can think of is it built up .
that could have been any number of things .
received the purchase as described and on schedule .
thought i put a dead rat on my head .
stays cool even when left in a boiling pot .
i received the coffee maker as a gift .
this is the air trapped in the liquid .
the optimus is a huge improvement over that .
i got about five months of use from this .
it would say the disc was dirty or scratched .
i decided to buy these headphones on a whim .
it comes with a good variety of spices .
my daughter and son-in-law were thrilled with this wok .
i use aol cable with 9.0 optimized se .
both my husband and i have the iphone 4s .
it is solidly built and has excellent capacity .
these headphones never worked and i returned them .
it will also chip off through normal play .
when i do i will update this review .
a nylon dishcloth or soft sponge works wonders .
i guess i just have to wait and see .
the tri-ply bottom makes it heat quickly and evenly .
they only go about 4 '' above the ankle .
one question was would it go around her waist .
they seem to have a different padding inside .
the feel and balance are perfect in my hand .
i first noticed that the directions had changed .
some of the game mechanics are annoying and irritating .
lipton original green tea tastes better than this .
i have always been a fan of iron skillets .
but i dismissed it as a jambox wannabe .
have used hundreds of drives from all the vendors .
i have everything from the ocean wonders series .
first , the build construction is simply ultra low .
the price could be a little bit better .
i boast a sleek design and wide handle .
it works perfectly with two cords plugged into it .
this stuff was a waste of money for me .
even in a tiny kitchen it 's a keeper .
they are overpriced if you consider the battery quality .
also the rubber handle is comfortable to hold .
it compliments which ever cover iphone/ipod you very nicely .
this pan is the perfect size for my household .
takes decent pictures and videos and is quite thin .
getting it out of my hair was a nightmare .
and i have to wonder about the feathers .
very handy , nice space available without blocking access .
the call quality is really good on both ends .
it also had a 30 day return policy .
that is just three milimeters fewer than the classic .
this case is strongly made and closes well .
one nice thing i will say about the 1699 .
which is exactly what it was made to do .
even my fried plantronics 925 has better volume .
the charger would only charge the battery half way .
do n't waste your money on cool mist models .
bought this along with the griffin auto charger .
had this lemon about a year and it broke .
i bought this vacuum after returning the windtunnel plus .
you ca n't go wrong with an all-clad purchase .
first of all , these little bunnies are delicious .
i tried a less expensive but widely sold machine .
it julienne slices vegetables into strips as you peel .
highly recommend the set and love having them .
i have not had any dead usb ports .
this product has deep color and a nice finish .
that makes a difference when measuring your ground coffee .
it did nothing but give me a stomach ache .
the case is a very hot pink color .
so i asked for more sizes for christmas .
the power died in less than a week .
this processor is quiet which was very surprising .
there are so many better games on xbox .
everyone should have a pair for there kitchen .
buttons matched up , but they were not tactile .
my adopted feral girl might not be so forgiving .
i like the non stick inside that it provides .
however , loss in potency would be accelerated overtime .
this gives me the best water everywhere ! thanks .
this is a great idea that is poorly executed .
the main villain is some fat blue lady .
i would never recommend these socks to anyone .
given how much it costs , i was disappointed .
just spend more and look for a stainless one .
this pillow was recommended to me by my chiropractor .
i bought this as sort of a gag gift .
i use this after a shower and feel refreshed .
its simple enough for kids and fun to use .
i did much research before buying this model .
i thought it would last at least a year .
the construction of this jump drive is pathetic .
i finally pushed so hard the mill broke .
you could actually see the salt on the jerky .
as if they are like 20 years old .
i can use my phone again just like new .
i bought this to grind beans for cold-brewed coffee .
this replacement extended life battery has been a blessing .
i must have received a defective in materials item .
the product was not built up in the sprayer .
perhaps it was a bad batch with krups .
keeps everything in its place during prep and baking .
the kernels did pop bigger and more uniformly .
i will not buy another of their products .
i found this product made my hair sticky .
it does last much longer than the original .
i 'll probably get another for my office soon .
but that has corrected itself and it works fine .
these scoops arrived on time and in new conditon .
i love this oxo good grips stainless steel turner .
i have a pair myself , which i love .
zipper broke within a year of owning pillow case .
this product does exactly what it says it does .
and i just bought new brush heads too .
i had to look very hard to find this .
i am not overly happy about these mints .
the holder protects your fingers from the sharp blade .
good news , it works perfect on galaxy s3 .
i 've had my braun 8595 for 5 years .
i did not identify much meat in this stuff .
it adds size o an already pretty big system .
i 'm on the computer 10-12 hours a day .
i would not install it as it seemed unsafe .
flexible and the handle fits nicely in the palm .
i 'll be recommending these to friends and family .
had to remove shims for machine to operate again .
my next flat iron will be a chi .
it will not grind and clogs the grinder .
so for the actual function it is 5stars .
i guess it just not works for my cat .
i think it maybe a defect in the case .
i will not buy another piece of revere ware .
there are also no provisions for baking 1.5lb loaves .
basically it recharges your iphone/ipod on the go .
move it again and you see a different weight .
i finally gave up and purchased this proctor-silex .
you probably will never need the return policy .
the screen covers do n't perfectly fit the phone .
i also do n't put it in a dishwasher .
i would say this product is a bust .
and have not had problems with them peeling .
also the finish was a bit sticky.very disappointing .
i bought this roaster for our thanksgiving turkey .
this is a very nice cotton ball/q-tip holder .
i 'm applying for a full refund from sonicare .
this is my tenth year of wearing compression hose .
i use in the microwave all the time .
a magnet clings to the sides inside and out .
the kids ate more apples and other fruits .
that automatically draws a one star review from me .
why does levi change it cuts so often ? .
i certainly will shop with this company again .
silpats are a must have for any baker .
the glue is extremely strong and difficult to remove .
they each pulled on one side and it separated .
my cuisinart is 30 years old and still working .
it was terrible and left an after taste .
there are better cases in the same price range .
the smallest board is tiny for cutting purposes .
pick up a set you will not be disappointed .
it does two of appropriately sized pieces of meat .
so you can assume i am raging right now .
the bodum uses some plastic parts in the plunger .
the most important feature that i miss is auto-shut .
this oven also is dented in the back .
my husband was not happy with this at all .
the is not the first sequence on it .
i love the gluten-free bakery on main granola .
the animation of this first-person shooter is simply laughable .
that means it is alive and producing lactic acid .
i think the size of it scared him then .
just like shoes , quality counts more than quantity .
i may adjust when the next one comes .
i ordered a 6 and it spun completely around .
i got this headset because it promises noise cancellation .
i believe that they sell under many different names .
this is why i went with a thicker one .
now think of hundreds of colored bubbles floating everywhere .
it 's almost a sour scent of some kind .
i filled two glasses with 8oz of water .
this is our second vac of this type .
even in the studio the signal strength was inadequate .
the length of the bracket is pretty long .
i have to agree with most people here .
it does what it is meant to do .
these are whole oat grains chopped into small pieces .
hardly addresses the poor performance i reported to them .
so i 'd say they are true to size .
not ideal if you are handling a hot pot .
they are so much better thab an ordinary measue .
i have 3 of their whips on this series .
the situation is worse for those with larger hands .
many others say they will but are misleading .
no longer a dull white or one color .
a little extra weed whipping to be done .
feels greasy no matter how little i use .
took the battery out and it was bulging .
i bought it for a friend for christmas .
we replaced a regular toaster with this toaster oven .
it still only makes one waffle at a time .
video quality is actually pretty good as is audio .
the phone charger is a nice touch as well .
its not comfortable to sleep in for sure ! .
i will never ever own another hoover steam cleaner .
call motorola.also sorry for my spelling mistakes and all .
the quality of the popcorn is quite good .
i tried using it while grating cheddar cheese .
box that it came in looked really nice .
this is a cheap and very flimsy product .
the curved knife has sharp , heavy stainless blades .
get ready to restart a lot of races .
i 've had my kitchenaid mixer for 18 years .
that is the only plus.sorry garden of life .
it takes two batteries to get through the day .
not long ago my dream was a mazzer mini .
just sweet , no flavoring that i could taste .
fighting bosses just depends on luck , no strategy .
well , cleaning this roaster is a sheer joy .
the set is not as good as it seems .
i bought this as a gift to my dad .
triclosan is currently being investigated by the fda .
this is not a very good bird feeder .
only then will the headset battery charge properly .
i like them and would recommend them so far .
it only fits in our larger fry pan .
i use this for any variety of things .
i 've gotten hives at mary kay parties too .
cleaning the egg cups is very time consuming .
have a complete set of them for 20 years .
it does what it is supposed to do .
do n't buy this and splurge on something nicer .
bought this knife after taking anthony bourdain 's advice .
ordered two boxes and plan to order two more .
i do n't recommend this holster for ruger lc9 .
best glucosaminechondrotin with msm/four capsules per day which equaled1000mg .
or after a breakout it clears it right up .
i felt badly about this for about 5 seconds .
this medium grater is very sturdy and very sharp .
nyc has the same colors and 1/2 the price .
fits brilliantly on both iphone 4 and 4s .
i was very disappointed in the taste of these .
i am kind of a freak about things rusting .
i think the claims they make are mostly hype .
not sure what happened when i received this battery .
may continue running for a 1.5 days at most .
it 's heavy to drag out all the time .
the paper towel holder i 've been looking for .
i used them for everything but ice hehe .
why this is lacking is incomprehensible to me .
this creates an odd shaped slice of bread .
this product arrived not sealed in any way .
you get what you pay for , i guess .
the game is horribly easy and waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyy too short .
all of the 5 star reviews say it true .
disney really missed the mark on this one .
do not waste your money on this item .
oz that this stuff helped people to lose weight .
i used this every morning to grind coffee beans .
this is my second version of this can opener .
overall , its a great product that works flawlessly .
this product is definitely worth the purchase price .
about 3 or 4 minutes after you pour .
now they 're cheapening things throughout their product line .
it is less combersome and more ergonomically designed .
i got this case thinking it would last me .
and also important is that it works well .
instead , the cloths had a thick tissue feel .
still learning how to use this new kitchen tool .
but thats what i expected for the price .
just wish it had a better screen proteter .
what i received was a generic white box .
the size is clearly marked on the handle .
and this thing holds heat like a beast .
they seem to be a heavier duty design .
the descriptions and inflated prices can be very misleading .
they had to have been doing something wrong .
i was very positively impressed by this external battery .
i received the sweet tea flavor to sample .
these are good sized and it absorbs well .
i reach for them over wooden utensils every time .
not really a down side as i view it .
yes , i tried assembling several times from scratch .
removed the filters and the ghosting immediately went away .
wax all over my floors , counters and cabinets .
my husband and i have owned them for years .
this replaced an electric griddle with a thermostat .
it 's all jaggy and the controls are slow .
also like the pocket for the instruction book .
i purchased this product for my boyfriend 's birthday .
it is connected via 802.11g to my router .
i have had the product for about 2 months .
this product should not be used for deep frying .
this catnip mist spray did nothing for them .
these are cut different and did not fit right .
even after the update there are too many crashes .
more of a gardening tool than a camping tool .
but i have never found a mouse in it .
they are cute and seem to work well .
it 's packaged in a rack hanging blister pack .
cloths are bigger and easy to hang on to .
i really could n't be without this excellent pan .
buy the maxell disc cleaner instead , it works .
i use these bowls every day , highly recommended .
you must blow extremely hard to have the measurement .
its ok for the people like basic cell phone .
its cheap and ya pay for what you get .
so sad too , it is just so adorable .
this thing is a big piece of junk .
this was a very good buy in my opinion .
not that my tea usually lasts that long .
the other squeak toys do not scare him .
it 's a ten-dollar hatchet sold at department stores .
and it just is not a good product ! .
the texture leaves a lot to be desired .
there are not 1200 stones , nor 12 colors .
these pants seem small and not true to size .
i could not wait for it to come out .
original purchases early 2012 - it is now august .
it does n't seem to be the same stuff .
revere ware ! the existing lid fits well also .
i love this mixer cover and highly recommend it .
this one should not be on its website .
the faux burning logs are particularly well done .
it was too short , too tight and unflattering .
this is a solid piece of cooking hardware .
theyare helpful and would buy more stuff with them .
so this is n't just for iphone guys either .
the clip broke on the 3rd day of use .
its not even worth the hassle of exchanging .
i purchased this intending to use with my computer .
we can get pet hair cought in it .
it also flawlessly blends soups , even spinach soup .
they are the perfect size and easy to wash .
but it shows that it supports stereo playback .
well made and convenient to hold my supplies .
well made popcorn popper , made in the usa .
no web advice and no customer service advice helps .
so i waited until my friend got it .
easy to apply and seems to work well .
i was extremely disappointed when i played this game .
is ready to be used in just 1 second .
the ball bearings roll smoothly and do not catch .
it was a little crunchy and very jelly-like .
made waffles for grand daughters and they loved em .
i guess i got what i paid for though .
far too many hairs slide through them.i 'm flabbergasted .
this is my second one , exactly same model .
i bought this to use after hip replacement surgery .
we have a gluten free household of 5 .
first i tried it on the lawn tractor .
not worth the carbs for me , for sure .
my .mp3 player can charge from both ports .
i ended up going back to stock wood grips .
yet the dvds read fine in other dvrs .
i had a lot of problems with it .
this thing is not worth what it costs .
i use it and the 4 qt for everything .
perhaps the lack of gluten was what bothered me .
well this tea was not what i expected .
shortbread releases very easily from the non-stick surface .
you wo n't go wrong with this great funnel .
buy a reputable product and learn from my mistake .
these are the first pair i have owned .
i read the reviews and took a chance .
it is very convenient and picks up nicely .
cheap but they do what they need to .
well it was still tedious but not difficult .
i have been using proactiv for 10 years .
tony hawk 4 is the best one though .
if i do i will update this review .
this currently resides unused in my junk drawer .
i tried this product based on pretty good reviews .
this mix is not worth spending calories on .
also , for making new holes on leather belts .
they are built to last with strong durable materials .
one is the absence of any direct camera control .
i could n't separate them with a lash comb..ick .
i use it for many other mixing tasks too .
it does not have the disney stamp on foot .
i do n't find it hard to clean either .
time will tell , but so far so good .
each person can adjust the settings to their liking .
it totally killed all of my am stations .
purchased this to use to grind flax seed .
initially , he wanted nothing to do with it .
versatile set that can manage most cooking needs .
much easier than lugging around the larger vacuum ! .
i really liked the origional sims for ps2 .
it will _not_ significantly improve the ps2 's cooling .
these cupcake liners are a smash at birthday parties .
and they for all intents and purposes are indestructible .
i expect them to last for a long time .
now its a rather light black/ dark brown color .
we use the juice to cook sauces as well .
this is my second grinder of this brand/type .
the sound from this little gem is terrific .
they fit perfect and are very clear and smooth .
these have done a great job protecting my phone .
i have found no fault with this machine .
it is n't super potent but its definitely there .
the heating is uniform throughout the entire surface .
it works great once you get the method down .
the flavors tasted flat and left an aftertaste .
it makes a loaf just right for 2 people .
i would like a larger grip on mine .
i recommend this charger for the galaxy siii .
the seat is springy but that is all .
i wo n't be buying the blend mixture again .
i 've had this screen protector on other phones .
coffee stays hot for about 18 hours in those .
i recommend these to anyone with this phone .
but i also have a lot of attachments .
i have had one of these for several years .
only expect it to last for two months .
the price is great for a burr grinder .
would rate 1/2 star if that were an option .
still have 3 led lights showing remaining charge .
crosman pellet clips on the other hand are different .
i knocked a star off for that reason .
i took it apart one time and repaired it .
my dog would choke to death on this product .
it feels good in the hands , works smoothly .
okay , so it all depends on your vehicle .
it basically died on me in a few months .
now days usb chargers are built into cars .
easy to assemble , even for the assembly challenged .
on both these counts this knife was not successful .
a lab test showed i was low in dhea .
i do not find them to be a problem .
the repetitive nature of the game is just awful .
there was already a hole in the zipper .
this cover looked good in the pictures and descriptions .
everybody had good things to say about the braun .
tried 3 plantronics , 2 noisehush and this motorola .
it only takes a few minutes to do it .
might be better to let the professional do it .
i bought this stuff for my 1947 willys jeep .
like i said it improved the singal in doors .
not great , but not bad for the price .
however , the power of the grinder is impressive .
i had to throw it away after 1-2 use .
it never overheats the coffee , never burns it .
lodge has always made a high quality skillet .
great headset for the price can not beat it .
the problem is that nothing holds in place .
the xbox 360 does not have 1 usb port .
the noise reduction on the other side ? horrendous .
no single tool manufacturer makes all the best tools .
the formula has definitely changed too the worse .
also one that locked closed when not in use .
this is less pods then the dark or med .
the add indicated that i would fit my phone .
get killed and you lose all your power ups .
i have owned this unit about three weeks now .
it was full when my bag was empty .
the cassette adaptor did not work in my car .
my cats showed no interest in this product .
it is just water with a few bubbles .
my cuisinart processor came with a 4mm slicing disc .
i use this pan for cheesecake and pound cake .
which is what makes this piece even cooler .
and , here is the highlight of the episode .
then it all comes apart for easy storing .
actually it does n't really even taste like coffee .
my cakes brown nicely , but not too much .
and i bought this at a good price .
it broke on me after less than a year .
i bought these shoes in march of 2013 .
so much for their caring and great customer service .
i checked to make sure there was a battery .
now i cant get it to stay at all .
after four months , screen seemed foggy or hazy .
on the one hand it did feel comfortingly cool .
i guess people believe what they are told .
bought my first fs105 on 5/28/2012 from amazon .
i hope they are not aware of this practice .
no great loss to me on the 3m .
on to why i gave it a low rating .
the jabra halo2 is a good bluetooth stereo headset .
agreed- amazon should not be marketing this for guineas .
avoid at all cost and furthermore extremely cheaply made .
my advice is to smell first before buying .
for the price , it takes excellent macro pics .
this bottle did not work well for my dog .
i too bought this when it first hit amazon .
the aluminum core is used for even heat distribution .
have to pay return shipping to braun for repair .
but that actually set my expectation very high .
yes my hair was healthy , thick and transitioning .
this is probably the buy of 2012 for me .
the no folding edge design makes cleaning easy .
i bought a high-end cookshack smoker several months ago .
the variety of serving bowls come in so handy .
i pressed mode and it went to zero .
it 's good to have a spare any way .
always carry your valuables with you in your carry-on .
i loved how they just wrapped up after use .
great alternative to zagg-s increadibly pricey shields : ) .
i stacked two of these and the look great .
you have to open the flap to use it .
it has been cleaning my rug pretty well .
i have a 95 pound dobie who still pulls .
i could have used even a larger one actually .
the transformers look very nice in all their detail .
this pitcher stirs the powder and water perfectly .
i 've had my microcell for a year now .
as i age this memories are important to me .
good price too so good i got two .
i would not order a case like this again .
i bought it because of the long extended spout .
worse than the one that was in the phone .
and then oh no , it does not work .
the 800 is being phased out by nikon .
clubman original and clubman reserve are 10x better ! .
not so great pans and screws fall apart ! .
i also can push the inedible things ( e.g .
it did n't shift or move around during ironing .
not only just a logo but a huge logo .
but salt is very small and can still escape .
so perhaps my unit was from a bad batch .
cat tried playing with it with no luck .
get out the grounds from the middle coffee basket .
directions say add between 6-8oz of boiling water .
researched for a bit and found these on amazon .
one thing i really enjoy making is pizza .
i will just stick to the loreal version .
the holes on this product were glass smooth .
this is the previous generation of jawbone bluetooth headset .
it gives the icing a nice smooth finish .
i even gave my keurig a good cleaning .
they were great for getting into a tough lobster .
this was a waste of money for us .
very reasonable price and it looks nice to .
it cooks evenly and clean up is a breeze .
it works as good as oem ecause it is .
there are just too many things to list .
i returned it and i not yet my refund .
i use it constantly to hold iced tea .
let the thermos sit for about 3-4 minutes.4 .
do yourself a favor and order a better cable .
we use the 5 quart lodge chicken fryer .
one of my previous blenders was a cuisinart .
i ended up sending the other one back too .
tells you how much battery is left before connecting .
i fell for the false advertising of this product .
i ordered my normal size and they are strangling .
the board does have anti-slip rubber on the bottom .
it holds my large spices without any issue .
i threatened with a letter and the bbb .
well designed , well-made and perfect for outdoor use .
i 'm not sure i would purchase this again .
i have ten of these bowls in my kitchen .
i like the cover that comes with it .
i use this thermometer for my turkey fryer .
this is a body wash specifically for men .
but as someone whose had those other pans .
bushnell used to be an inexpensive and decent brand .
this is because calcium supplements usually make people constipated .
purchased this product when i purchased an axe .
would purchase this one when ours goes out .
but for me the texture ruined it completely .
got this for baby when she was 2 months .
park tool replaced it under warranty for no charge .
this inexpensive bluetooth headset is a fantastic value .
amazon has a very good price for this .
it takes literally seconds to boil in the pot .
cheap ones sometimes have issues especially with polarized glasses .
tilt your head down and the headphone falls off .
plus its kind of pricey for such small quantities .
just the thing when you have no yard .
its just a outter shell for your phone .
barely bump it and it will tip over .
period these kinda work and then not for long .
what are amazon.com buyers thinking selling this crap ? .
poor quality material and size was way off .
the lids on my set lasted three years .
i have always purchased another brand for bluetooth headsets .
i purchased this phone case for my daughter .
it is too tiny for holding a phone .
the seams give too easily most never were seamed .
i have n't asked her much more than that .
easy to clean out the waste water reservoir .
it is easy to clean and works great .
this item does nothing to keep the toilet clean .
the smell fills the house and drives us crazy .
it 's a good size for small cutting tasks .
it is sturdy and fits well in my hand .
purchased for a gift and the recipient loved it .
the frame is cheap plastic with no adjustment .
so this set is just right for me .
much less material than my old docker underpants .
e-mails to pinnacle technical support got no answer .
background noise is an issue for the caller though .
the cord is definitely long enough my purpose .
i used it several times , it worked great .
this was a knockoff and not a real casemate .
it 's way too short for a tall size .
finally i decided to try the microsoft mouse .
i will order more when i can find them .
it is at best a one time use thing .
lasted about a year , then they fell apart .
i 've ordered four of these little work horses .
if i move at all the device stops working .
the couple receiving it really enjoy using it .
great amazon value and free shipping with prime .
listens to the complaints people truly are experiencing .
my own experience with this router was not good .
got these because i love the splenda products .
this product does its job with no surprises .
that 's when i decided to return to proactiv .
the outside finish is also very easy to clean .
now i use it at least once a week .
even though it makes my hair feel gross .
this size whisk is perfect for small jobs .
i wrote a review for that product too .
the next day i tried charging my smartphone .
new battery is way better for being new .
for me these just did n't meet my expectations .
lost my small whisk , so ordered this one .
incredibly small ! also the material was very coarse .
my old one from oxo worked perfectly for years .
the retractable part of this stylus works quite well .
amazon had a great price and shipped fast .
the control knob is hard to grab & turn .
i feel like i would n't have these problems .
i suggest you get one of those instead .
not much else you can say about it .
after day 10 , my sugar was consistently low .
i 'll add that the unit is pretty loud5 .
first unit would cut-off after 2 minutes of operation .
you could not see the kale or carrots .
the powergen 5200mah is a good quality charger .
not crazy about the scent either..will not buy again .
all in all i am happy with my purchase .
plus you make a lot in each batch .
other things have to do with poor gameplay design .
especially for the price tag to buy a set .
my review is directed towards camp fire use .
so i know what milk should taste like .
my dermatologist recommends using vaseline around the eyes .
luckily i had a plastic puppy blanket underneath .
these work great and the price was great .
these are not as good as the original product .
got this for my 4 month old german shepherd .
highly recommend it as an add-on to the processor .
your cakes will brown evenly and will not dome .
maybe my tiny asian eyelashes are to blame .
i find it a more pleasant task than ironing .
that was a great addition to the ice pick .
in actuality , it does nothing of the sort .
if you are big do not buy these bras .
no need to line upopenings to pour coffee .
i rushed to amazon to find a replacement .
jeez what the crap is the point of him .
and you ca n't see anything with sunglasses on .
i also add some tofu and bamboo shoots .
good on promax for producing a healthier version however .
will not work with any case but nice .
this sharpener puts a razor edge on knives .
also cheaper than going to the grocery store .
the phone had been reset to original factory settings .
i have n't used them more than 10 times .
it was still usable , but making ominous noises .
the packing was exceptional and everything arrived as hoped .
i have had this item for many years .
with a little ingenuity this thing might be usable .
i am so glad i purchased this coffee maker .
the center of the loaf was slightly undercooked .
i recommend them , they are worth the price .
arrived from seller one day before estimated arrival .
all functions are controlled from the right earphone .
there are some truly brutal tackles in this game .
like putting on another coat of nail polish .
zeroll 's design really lives up to its advertising .
a small sponge will work just as well .
they should give me money to give it away .
they are a waste of hard earned money .
it is not a poacher in the traditional sense .
but currently part of the 4 for 3 deal .
it leaves very large and noticeable white streak .
we replaced a much older version of blender/processor duo .
i have been wanting a waffle maker for years .
i do n't like the bulky boom type headsets .
its the only good thing about the product .
cable crackles when plug in jack is moved .
i think the ad photo has it right .
it is still the knife set i use today .
comes with multiple charger ends for different devices .
i placed six of these around my ants .
the pan heats evenly and holds heat well .
the reception is meager to say the best .
pepper.fountain mist - the worst of the bunch .
i do n't understand the sizing of dickies scrubs .
the great price was too good to be true .
i feel like it makes me look fatter .
these are more like a woman 's size 8.5 .
definitely not worth it and wont buy again .
i have bunions and need a lighter shoe .
fits perfect and looks nice.it protects the whole phone .
even on xp , it is a rough ride .
this knife is surprisingly light and easy to use .
so now i have a 40 dollar paper weight .
have used for all types of drinks since then .
i picked it up along with some other boxes .
i purchased this after reading a few reviews .
this is not one that i would recommend .
my wife uses this for a long tubular pillow .
these stainless steel canisters are just what i needed .
the droid bionic is such a battery hog .
i was a heavy data user on the evo .
it is strong and easy to use and clean .
not sure how anyone could purchase from these pictures .
i could hear my tmj-jaw cracking with each bite.5 .
the ear pieces will not stay in the ear .
then you place your cell phone into the dock .
this trike is for at least 4 year olds .
you can only move knight piece to the left .
they were great product did not preform to me .
the alarm ca n't be heard 20 feet away .
make sure to wipe it off before storing away .
even then it can be hit or miss .
i 'm sure this helped to keep it hot .
this did not change after giving her these .
i have owned this pan since november 2004 .
i do not like creamy blushersthe colour is ok .
that wowed me.my cats find weruva foods quite palatable .
i had wanted this item for a long time .
i like it when things perform as advertised .
knocks out order and is very cost effective .
battery is a little better , but not really .
the steel is of utmost quality and sharpness .
the quality of the coffee is very good .
this is really cool and it works well .
your the best.the following review is an opinion .
there is no better tool for zesting citrus fruits .
i have never been disappointed with a wilton product .
this is your typical airtight jar , hermetically sealed .
very happy with my order and the savings .
as i said , this is for quick pick-ups .
it is better than a single point cane tip .
there is also a very strong flavor of cinnamon .
she loves it and uses it all the time .
i have a german shepherd and a cat .
in another mixing bowl , beat whole eggs slightly .
this product did absolutely nothing for my curls .
i switched to the now co-enzyme b complex .
we also use it when storing oxygen absorbers .
basically they seem to be crispy green peas .
this product is exceptional to say the least .
reconnects when you come into range without a fuss .
i find these to be very good measuring cups .
the worst waste of money in my life .
about the cleanest way to pour honey without drips .
the ringone now does play in your ear .
i ca n't imagine where else it would fit .
the numbers and pictures on them are too small .
these oval dishes are so great for that .
make such a bad game i do n't know .
my daughter is 35 months and 28 lbs .
it helps to make a great cup of coffee .
this tamper is such a simple but essential tool .
there are nicer models that you can purchase .
does it make a perfect poached egg ? no .
i purchased this to replace the last one .
i was kind of excited to get this scale .
it can easily fit a large can of soup .
over the years these things have been sold .
must say the strap helps not lose it .
very little in the way of care instructions .
yeah just got these and tried these on .
never buy shoes on-line if returning is not accepted .
very disappointed in this had much higher expectations .
this cable appears to be of good quality .
you can beat this game within 6 hours .
these people need to buy a tape measure .
barbie , pitching alcohol to a 4 year old .
it can grind course to very fine coffee .
we had some tears over the crap product .
the fur on this skunk just pulls right out .
so i went through various different types of foods .
i plan to try a ballet-style slipper next .
loved it not much more to say about it .
but i was so frustrated with other trash cans .
it works surprisingly better than the boxwave stylus .
sweet engineering i dont see on modern cook ware .
i finally gave up and they dried off .
as always wilton products are well made and designed .
the feel and look of the item was good .
so this was just what i needed for her .
this product is a bit slimy as well .
i did not put on the screen protector .
you 'll need a sim card and some airtime .
and i use it more than i ever imagined .
i got the red its a nice color red .
it 's easy to clean and is well built .
these sterling silver purple gem earrings are cheaply designed .
the controls are rather difficult and hard to master .
sounds clear and fits my big head comfortably .
does not work.with or with out a case .
it does exactly what i wanted it too .
i am just gon na say it up front .
replacing it with a glass top solved the problem .
i use or make non-fat yogurt with no problem .
keep in mind the short spoon is very big .
i brought several of these and they work well .
laughable graphics , repetitive language and foul at that .
great , heavy duty stock pot i use weekly .
because of this i returned it the same day .
i have purchased these cases before and loved them .
i had it in a couple of days .
yes , i am almost certain it is true .
i wish it had silicone but no , latex .
the variety of sizes in the set is great .
this was the second time i ordered this .
just use google and read pet food reviews .
the juicer also has 2 different size heads .
i just hate that i wasted the milk .
it 's easy to use and easy to clean .
never been so easy to sharp a knive .
i do have a screen protector as well .
i 've been drinking peets coffee for 25+ years .
to begin with , i found the smell annoying .
this is basically a small rake , its crap .
it takes a while for them to defreeze .
have not had the food saver machine for long .
this one has been easy pouring.the coffee is excellent .
i have med/light brown hair that is highlited .
for me , this bar is a real failure .
me ? i just yell out to shut up .
i first bought these glasses about 15 years ago .
i feel like i wasted my money on dgp .
the little buggers will move on or stay away .
these were a purchase i was somewhat neutral on .
the other on is on my wifes laptop .
wife and i just used our classics last night .
i ordered this case well over three weeks ago .
they are glass against glass not air tight .
he also thought the length was too short .
you can see and feel the seam on it .
this is one of the worst games ever created .
i think the full-back orbusforme supports would be better .
the silver swirls pretty much conceal the blue color .
it is fast and the suction is great .
bought this product to make smooth baby food .
so for that reason , i like this case .
kind of like my first experience with a mandoline .
the quality of the butcher 's twine is great .
the cord is long and charges my phone fast .
the blackberry is not an iphone or an android .
it charges fast and is a fairly convenient size .
i opened the box and it smelled like gasoline .
you can only hold two weapons at a time .
even though it says it fits the 4s .
i am shocked by how strongly this smells .
may give it one more chance a little later .
it stays at the bottom so it works great .
i am sure the fenders a made in china .
i bought a few of these for my children .
hope they still make them 20-years from now .
these are a great set of mixing bowls .
i did a beautiful risotto the other day .
it may work better in a different car .
this is a very nice ice cream maker .
i love shun and i love these kitchen shears .
this battery was helpful compared to the standard battery .
everyone else is right about the eye relief .
they slice squarely through steak with little effort .
all in all a great machine for the price .
we have had this toaster for over 7 years .
it is one of the worst product to assemble .
i have been through coffee maker after coffee maker .
two cocker spaniels and a jack russell terrier .
you do n't need to cut the hdmi port .
much better things to be found elsewhere.story telling .
they dry out fast even with the bag sealed .
i bouth this charger to use a 2d .
this was not my favorite by any stretch .
it 's boring and insipid and hackneyed to death .
a lot of backtracking and poor inventory setup .
does not grind the coffee as finely as needed .
the over the head piece is comfortable enough .
also , it did not make very many bubbles .
i cook on thermador burners which are very wide .
this toy would be better for a smaller dog .
it is really nice to have everything matching .
i wish they made one for the car too .
listen up crayola this is what we want .
i wish bissell made a scent-less version instead .
my husky did do n't even touch this bone .
i expected a little better keith am opi product .
there is no product nutrition information on the site .
this was a big let down for me .
it does n't but the after taste is horrible .
it is pretty kinky and i sometimes straighten it .
it did not give the results as stated .
that is n't even the biggest problem with it .
sprinkles some paremesan on top , if so inclined .
i couldnt see spending the money on a dyson .
once i got zagg i wanted more protection .
deep enough to make mixing easy and less messy .
this is an investment every house cook should make .
guess i got to read more of the description .
the watch band did not feel very solid .
i bought this one for the occasional larger pot .
the sounds are muffled and not very loud .
to be clear , 1x magnification is no magnification .
i agree with most of the other comments .
the locking mechanism is awkward and hard to use .
too expensive foronly one effect at a time .
even slowing to 2x burn does not matter .
you ca n't go wrong with this canister vac .
its too hard on skin..hate that i ordered it .
i bought these with the intention of gifting them .
pressing the garlic through requires very little pressure .
i purchased this to work with my waterproof case .
much better than the ones that verizon cells .
wasting plenty of coffee andan entire roll of bounty .
this was a great value and it works well .
it works perfectly in just a few seconds .
awesome ! these were way better than the pictures .
this product just did not work for me .
however , it soon turns into a major annoyance .
these liquor filled chocolates were not so special .
i completed this in a few short hours .
it does n't feel like really firing a weapon .
i tend to use my food processor a lot .
mine is a combination of defects and poor design .
the pro+ is indeed much more comfortable to wear .
this is a *nice* set of measuring cups .
bottom flaps arrive popped loose from the lower side .
i would suggest that you buy a small sample .
the glass is smooth with no sharp edges .
so for us , this toy is not great .
i think i paid nearly 60 at the time .
clean-up is getting easier the more i use it .
for me , this was a waste of money .
i purchased this with their hyaluronic acid serum .
arrived perfectly on time and very well packaged .
patience pays and we finally assembled the cage .
they do n't make hoses like they used to .
i 'm constantly having to superglue parts back together .
after several hours it was only mildly cold .
it might work well for someone with more mobility .
i like the feel of this the most .
this game no longer spins in my disc tray .
i actually never used it but here is why .
it also looks a bit cheap in my opinion .
i look forward to using it every morning .
the case fits well and looks great overall .
cheaper than what you would pay in store .
the cheaper ones let a lot more heat through .
sucks when a product does n't work as advertized .
everyone that sees it inquires where i got it .
even the bounty hunter missions are reduced to this .
you have to constanly grap it to fill it .
ended up using a manual can opener to finish .
biggest downside is that it is not dishwasher safe .
these bpa free lids are very convenient and handy .
the light is just right , not too bright .
this is a really good blender for the price .
battery life is less than i 'm used to .
installed this item about 2 weeks after receipt .
the die-hard dynasty warriors fan will love this .
need lots to get enough sweetness out of it .
this cable is for my nexus 7 tablet .
it works beautiful , my cakes pop out easy .
it does not feel heavy in the least .
but much better than stacked up soggy toast .
i got these today and they are defective .
easy to use and clean and chops perfectly .
did not receive the same product as before .
my cat weighs 17 # but is very athletic .
it was just an egg with a plastic tag .
i was so looking forward to this shaped pillow .
we are going to have our dog allergy tested .
my little dog can jump right out of it .
- if it fell from a big distance ) .
i do forget to connect once in a while.3 .
this is the best juicer on the market .
do n't care what brush attachments you have on .
i have arthritis in my hands & wrists .
they do n't do a good job at all .
works like the battery that came with the phone .
however , i certainly do appreciate good tasting chocolate .
these however were one of my worst experiences yet .
i just love that these durable little hangers .
it is great to have a scratch free phone .
i am going to order me an xiser stepper .
has a nice big hanging hole on each side .
the two mic karaoke input is a plus .
i thought that miracle blade was the same company .
headphones were 2 brand new beats studio hd .
the gameplay is not like any other sonic game .
n64 has a turok the dinosaur hunter series out .
initially , i was happy with this little brush .
this carpet cleaner took all of the stains out .
i 'm not going to buy this stuff anymore .
we have generally been happy with all oxo products .
this thing blows away my 100 dollar drip machine .
i have n't tried out the hd video either .
i use it for flour dusting when baking .
this is a great stylus for the price .
pauses audio during calls and resumes playback after call .
get d-link routers way better quality and performance .
the games look great but the gameplay suffers .
unfortunately , it was bland with a bitter aftertaste .
they are thick and heavy and really quite big .
looks the same too.the lid may be different .
however , it is easily adjustable to all people .
this fits perfectly over our older kitchenaid mixer .
these fit perfect & are easy to put on .
better to go for the max temp protection .
i bought this without checking my tub first .
getting it over the cast was too awkward .
i love waffles and this contraption makes great waffles .
i am planning on ordering one for myself now .
no folding prongs and difficult to carry around easily .
you think i 'm kidding until you try it .
stay away no matter how cheap it gets .
it holds up well with constant on/off for docking .
i 've had that shark for about 5 months .
adds a nice feel to the phone also .
and it 's very very stable to work with .
the little drawer-tray filled with clean litter intead .
the peak of the series was the gamecube edition .
but the nslu2 has a 100 megabits/second network port .
expands to fit under most pots and pans .
it would never protect your phone at all .
only time will tell if the hold up .
did i feel less depleted after excercising ? no .
this is a quality product at a great price .
the marker application is n't very practical to apply .
it filters all off tastes from my city water .
i just dumped a whole jar of it .
the app also makes an annoying start up sound .
i got this as a gift for a guy .
even going straight they make the screeching noise .
not sure that this will look good for long .
thank you for having this grater available to purchase .
my cows are black and white and brown .
the first time that amazon did this to me .
for this reason , i do not wear them .
this is a great product and worth every penny .
razr v3 is old technology and it still works .
i would not purchase again or recommend it .
the cookie continued to fall apart after one bite .
i pulled the plug and took a look inside .
the ear cushions fall off all the time .
i was searching for something to help my cat .
we really appreciate their care and speedy service .
it is very strong and does a great job .
but they failed big time with this puzzle rack .
they charge like apple computers with no physical connection .
but i want to get something better and quieter .
we already have a hard time finding it retail .
used it only for about 6 times and died .
i bought it because i am very clumsy .
worst experience i have ever had with dishwasher detergent .
mugs of coffee out of a full pot .
the housing is just stainless steel colored plastic .
could had a little more room in the rear .
reminds me of water down odd flavored soup .
my kershaw leek has an smooth aluminum body .
he is very pleased with the build and performance .
poor design and even worse dexterity of the lock .
the shoe is very stiff and uncomfortable to wear .
you can simply record the needed information and playback .
this protein bar is below average @ best .
these are a required product for my vacuum .
i 'm sorry i wasted my money on this .
sometimes this becomes very important if an emergency develops .
i had to throw away half of a bottle .
this is the tool you go for every time .
i will shop for it there from now on .
the price is right and delivery was prompt .
this holder is a decent price and quality .
i do n't think there really is a difference .
i felt i wasted my money on this product .
several of my friends use that with success .
i found myself using it less and less .
some places still supply this as a spare part .
this is the most fantastic kitchen gadget ever .
do not buy this product especially from phonil .
it fills up its incredibly small dirt container quickly .
you may have to experiment with the time necessary .
it installed quickly and effortless into windows xp pro .
i never have wires all over the place anymore .
the metal casing makes this device quite heavy .
honey beige is not medium brown in color .
there is no seperate battery for saving of memory .
one of the first with a huge processor .
it tripped every time i let the handle go .
i waited a whole extra week and nothing .
but our biggest complaint is it 's too dusty .
my previous review was for the s3 case .
do n't worry about it exploding it locks tight .
90 % of that time was filled with frustration .
was expecting loose fitting jeans and they are not .
the tips are still smooth -- no frayed edges .
we like our case and the price was great .
i can cancel by turning to off position .
this shaker does everything i want it to do .
saved my phone a time or two already .
i gave this toy away right after buying it .
this device at least doubles the iphone battery life .
its easy to use and clean up is easy .
this is the best waffler you can buy .
the cleaning process is very straight forward and simple .
grab both handles firmly and twist/pull them apart.2 .
more suited to a larger family i would think .
this armband works great with my nokia lumina 900 .
this holds the same amount as the 6000 .
i have used the machine at least 50 times .
it is a good value and works well ! .
after about a two weeks , it stopped working .
once i removed the cream the itching stopped .
get this unit and save money on bottled water .
my daughter was so excited to get this .
small , barely sticks out of the charger port2 .
she loves it and uses it every day .
the phone case protected my phone very well .
1st call sometimes dumps.good noise control on transmit .
neither my wife nor i loved this product .
i have had might for almost two years now .
i would be shocked of it were an allergy .
they comes in quite a few different colors .
i purchased this several years ago from cooking.com .
i wish i checked it before buying it .
changed the battery out every 12 to 18 hours .
the carrying case is also cool and attractive .
the fun of it stopped at metroid zero mission .
dont buy the as seen on tv crap .
my only complaint is the lack of a switch .
i also did not care for the smoky taste .
i never liked the big outside gas grill .
sorry it is really thick just didnt like it .
for me , these were a waste of money .
like they were in a store for 20 years .
i think the trickle charge makes the difference .
the velcro pad is attached far more securely .
you could not treat 25 people with this kit .
one tiny drop of super glue makes it perfect .
even on the high speed it is significantly quieter .
i highly recommend the noisehush nx80-11971 hands-free headset .
the screen can definitely be read from both sides .
makes my life much easier and fit perfectly .
oh well ..original fiber sights better any way .
but once it was together the fun stopped there .
i backup all the negative points already stated .
they are also easy to clean and store well .
sega need to be sued for false advertisment .
that is why i rate the headphone down .
the handles with rubber grips are substantial and sturdy .
i had to replace my 20+ tupperware gravy shaker .
the pan was to replace one i destroyed .
this was a very difficult screen to put on .
i 've used this product for years with success .
knife seemed fine , decent handle and good feel .
i saw the bottle and grabbed it to try .
he already tore apart two of the bees .
brita systems are all i 've used for years .
they also do n't co-ordinate like in other games .
i 'm a little disappointed with the product description .
i misplaced a version i purchased several years ago .
your body will only adsorb 500mg / 8hrs .
the droid just does n't efficiently do yahoo mail .
this is for the incipio iph-660 iridescent gunmetal case .
for replacement and they finally sent me a replacement .
i love my otterbox for my iphone great fit .
as easy to crank as any other manuel .
fortunately , this is one of their few misses .
but not at all worth the money for me .
what concerns me the most though are the splinters .
i dropped it and my phone was protected .
i 'm not that hard on the phone either .
very upset with this kind of business practice .
amazon says i bot my trackball in september '04 .
gave this to my wife as a gift .
the comfort is great and so is the clarity .
the game is just ugly and is so unpolished .
now begin heating your water at high heat.2 .
loved it and it helped protected my phone .
best of all , it works like a charm .
i keep thinking i can find something better anyway .
so i ordered her two pairs from amazon .
but i plan on sticking with seche vite .
fits my 4.5l classic plus mixer just fine .
the heat lets the butter penetrate a bit .
i am amazed at how quickly this cooks .
just about might as well buy a new one .
much better than i thought it would be .
velcro is easily replaceable if the case holds up .
used it once and it was cumbersome to use .
the large handle makes opening any can so easy .
not something i would ever pay money for .
i avg anywhere from 1+hr to 2hrs on tapes .
this pot heats very quickly , and is non-stick .
love this no more coffee paper filters yea .
this was a very good idea by somebody .
the rubberized handle has a very professional feel .
i was excited to find this pancake mix .
omega-6 is overly abundant in the western diet .
please do yourself a favor and take heed .
iron tek essential cla seems to be weak .
save your gas money , stay away from driver3 .
i drink a lot more water because of this .
( surely you can knock someone out with thing .
i thought i would surprise her with these .
i like it and i highly recommend it .
if it does , i will return it immediately .
wore his teeth out in a few weeks .
also it accentuated every little line and pore .
something bad happened during playtesting for this title .
maybe this was a bad batch or something .
it looks easier to maneuver than it actually is .
also most of the rocks looked like plain gravel .
this is the worst i have ever used .
i suspect that some type of interference caused this .
the way it feels in my hands is different .
i had to throw away the other cans .
i hate i got ripped on this one ! .
buy with confidence , you will not be disappointed .
bissell really did good for making this one .
the product is as pictured and as described .
moreover i have found themotor to be poor .
makes excellent espresso shots or full cups of coffee/crema .
had no problems slicing bread with long serrated knife .
my dog at it in a few min .
the foam is too weak to support his head .
it does everything and it does it easily .
however , i would not recommend buying this new .
unfortunately the rollers would not get hot enough .
i chose this one primarily because of its design .
i put a rug under it and that helps .
just a notch before medium heat is perfect .
this is a wonderful quality measuring cup set .
until you look at the graphics on the screen .
it is really nice and easy to use .
i found this one with many great reviews .
the gaggia is still a good machine though .
pretty cool item and recommend it to others .
i will return to olay and burts bees products .
that is the best tweezer i ever used .
this item arrived well-packed and is as described .
no kitchen should be without one of these zester/graters .
it gives readings quickly , and they seem accurate .
it only takes a few times before they fail .
the more i read the more troubled i became .
amazon was great about accepting it as a return .
overtime it gets scratches but not really noticeable .
the explorer is the most recent system from leapfrog .
spend a little more and get a quality item .
the real complaint is with the volume control cover .
bought this to use the headset with the lg .
i returned it and sold it at gamestop .
now i see why it was so cheap .
stand back and be amazed.it really was that easy .
can not continue to reco these earphones strongly enough .
i am enjoying using this set very much .
this is really just a pricey cat treat .
this product did not work at all for me .
and they are way too easy to break .
simply not enough openings to allow proper air flow .
cheese cloth is messy and must be continually replaced .
fits perfectly in my knife block as well .
this is the perfect size board to roll pastry .
it fits perfectly and protects the phone from drops .
my favorite drip coffee maker is a chemex .
i have canned/preserved just about every food there is .
for my particular cat , this did not work .
as the food is cooked , steam is emitted .
i ordered a refurbished item from warehouse sellers .
the kids love to push this handle down .
it makes the night alot easier if inflated enough .
its better than you get what you pay for .
just received speedo goggles and no more double vision .
i find myself reaching for this all the time .
i am ordering the hic stainless steel frother .
assuming such a thing exists for the lumia 1020 .
she is a great dog except for this .
or even give it to anyone else to use .
his dp is just the right temperature for him .
it slides in a pocket or purse easily .
i purchased this after buying the otterbox defender .
i own the rs120 and a extra headset hdr120 .
this procuct has a lot of sorbitol in it .
the body fell apart from all the crashing .
the picture does n't do this meat hammer justice .
but it was definitely not easy to clean .
they where ok but none really stand out .
but it takes microsd up to 32 gb.12 .
i do have to say she enjoys it though .
you can not go wrong with this bread knife .
not much difference but enough to be more beneficial .
easy to use and so far nothing to complain .
it fits like it was made for it .
if used , please check the velcro before releasing .
still nice , but darker than it looks online .
this is a quality product from a known company .
anyway , so i have two identical t959v phones .
just be careful if you use this stuff .
i bought these for a fun ugly sweater party .
they do most of the work for you .
you have to register the native union phone .
i 'll stick to a standard timer for now .
very well made and can do so much .
if damage is done , the warranty is void .
and this set well last a very long time .
it is big and a pain to store .
but it does fit great and offers phenomenal protection .
not with a bang , but with a whimper .
i decorated my kitchen in the paprika color .
i would buy this again in a heartbeat .
pockets are deep and hold most of my shoes .
no need to disconnect earbuds for phone use.3 .
i bought this filter about 3 mths ago .
this is more work than using a string mop .
but the rubber started tearing away from the edge .
these things are junk just like my 360 .
this comes with a droid bionic standard battery .
my new office at work has terrible reception .
i have a small soft tub hot tub .
the flashlight i convenient and the laser works great .
i will update when i replace the parts .
and it transmitted google map driving directions as well .
bought this coffee maker to replace a mr .
i wanted to try to make these cookies .
one day this tech will actually take off .
i think i need to send it back .
it is not as noisey as my blender .
should have spend the money for a better product .
the same charger that came with the phone .
give me elephant leg or flat out fell down .
i had been eying juicers for some time .
each bin holds about 100 .223 or .40 .
these egg rings make a wonderful egg breakfast sandwich .
this was a hassle with non-oem car chargers .
this case looks absolutely beautiful on the phone .
dont buy dont buy dont not buy this item .
this is the sole reason for 4 stars .
all the switches and buttons are easily usable .
and my plantronics 620 works like cr*p too .
i like this product and would buy again .
i do recommended newtrent to friends and family .
these really do make the coffee taste better .
this seemed similar and like a safe bet .
one friend has already ordered one like mine .
i feel like i 'm choking the whole time .
but the treats appeared dried up and old .
i bought this for the tendinitis in my arm .
i previously have been pleased with cost v .
8/10the audio in paper mario is a mixed bag .
and best of all the price is right ! .
we even used it to clean an upholstered chair .
the monkey is cute , my daughter just smiles .
i have put the lids on top rack dishwasher .
wish the top and stir stick were not plastic .
this product is as great as they described it .
you can beat this stuff and its fine .
seems very well made and is very sturdy .
i gave it away to friends who feed strays .
it is a good bluetooth for its price .
at least they wo n't rust in the dishwasher .
halo pc supports over a dozen simultaneous players .
we tried mixing them with water and nothing .
you can trust the kitchenaid brand all the way .
as a shooter this game is just horrible .
i love the chemex for brewing drip coffee .
needless to say , my methods were quite ineffective .
the hand tools worked great on the staircase .
the fan is surprisingly powerful for the small size .
as a field technician of my own corporation .
it takes 10 minutes top from prep to finish .
but the formula is too streaky for my taste .
i am very impressed with the quality and design .
but not for serious n/v already in full force .
we do n't actually drink coffee in our house .
i 've really lost some money on mouse products .
you might as well just pour mouthwash down there .
i like the ergonomics of the handle too .
no recipe just picked out some veggies i wanted .
try a can before you buy a case .
for transport or storage these ca n't be beat .
i bought this retail a few years ago .
i have 4 coffee grinders in my kitchen .
i have used them once or twice only .
these are my go to sticks when cake poppin .
i had sold my phone that uses it .
all in all i 'd rate this 2 stars .
way over priced for the quality and construction .
my ratng is not actually fair , i know .
the connectors are also too tight and non-adjustable .
i 'm such a sucker for the stars ratings .
the fall is here and the weather is warm .
that presupposes that you can stand to drink it .
you need to be reported or pull this product .
the thrill is just not there as in counter-strike .
the size is very good , in my opinion .
paid lady anyway.set about trying to figure out problem .
i just do n't have the patience any more .
it is also rated top by consumer 's reports .
durable and in three different colors to match case .
i used passion flower befor this is tne worst .
triple minutes makes it well worth the price .
even my 7-year-old had no use for it .
lots of steam does emit from this machine .
it is impossible to exfoliate with cotton pillows .
it is possible we got a bad batch .
the sequel looks exactly like the original game .
i paid less than 5 bucks for it .
the french press makes it so smooth and rich .
the reticle select knob however turned very freely .
i 'm very disappointed and am returning this item .
other than that they are comfortable and sturdy .
track my average heart rate over a workout2 .
always good to have an extra charger around .
it is a sturdy pan that will last long .
this little kettle is exactly what i needed .
perfect and very small footprint on the counter top .
i love the 'lid ' that comes with this .
it floats on the skin and is n't absorbed .
it is clearly not what 's in the photo .
i will deffinatlly buy from this seller again .
perhaps this would work for smaller or gentle chewers .
this product was a gift for my sister .
there are a ton of chemicals and additives added .
the old case has durable mesh with quality zippers .
the microfiber has already frayed back to the stitching .
got this for christmas present from my parents .
this was the best case i have ever used .
would also be big enough for a family meal .
more or less where it ought to be .
there is only one downside to fiestaware- the weight .
it picks ice just fine in my opinion .
i bought an apex dvd player ad-2600 from amazon .
even a cheap hibachi has wooden handles to grab .
the voice and sound quality are top notch .
it is wickedly sharp right out of the box .
for years i owned a timex alarm chronograph watch .
i have had this camera for about 6 months .
shopped forever to replace my small plastic lades .
now i have to glue the board together .
this product is manufactured right here in the u.s .
for what i use it for , five stars .
i put mine in the dishwasher , no problem .
smell awful and breaks off into small pieces .
i must say pears and grapefruit are gorgeous together .
taste terrible & gave me an upset stomach .
that stuff works great on so much stuff ! .
it also charges faster than i thought it would .
even after months of use this issue continues .
i did n't expect it to be so sturdy .
you want thrist ? go run 20 miles non-stop .
we always eat in front of the t.v .
just a poor net when compared to the rest .
purchased 24 pack and only have 1 bad one .
but not very much in cupboards and drawers .
this thing was not useful at all for me .
it 's your call as to which you prefer .
the glass is thick which is very nice .
i have to buy one from another company now .
i had the previous model which lasted 7+ yrs .
she is only good in this one outfit .
it just work , for all of our need .
will keep using unless i find something better .
it is a quality product and grates very fine .
the earbuds hold the battery that you recharge .
i bought this product several month ago from amazon.com .
your microwave may require more or less time .
# 2 still works but wanted a black one .
my daughter had to have it for christmas .
i bought this item because it was dora .
took the other two out and cleaned them up .
pretty much eliminates them for use on birds .
remarkable how much grease it elinates from your meatloaf .
this was a gift for my mother for christmas .
however this unbranded version does not work at all .
the quality was better than my cordless landline phone .
this product is awful ! ! just plain awful .
wish i had read the reviews before my purchase .
hard to play when you are missing a duck .
the sound is great ! the fit is great .
i am not sure where to put this product .
trust me , your money is best spent elsewhere .
but the smell is not i am crazy about .
within 1 week none of them would work .
this popper just could not be any easier .
i far prefer a water hole type product .
some have less pearl and look more black .
i like that its made in america too .
loosen lid one-half turn until two circles line up .
i am a 36c , not a full c .
here it is 2 months after i purchased this .
the sound is what really drove me crazy .
it arrived at my door 36 hours later .
after two washings they have shrunk two sizes .
it went on cleanly and without any snags .
the first cake i baked came out so pretty .
this thing is an extraordinarily expensive piece of junk .
the highlights based on owning the black case .
and crashed again after trying to launch explorer .
these chips give you 1g fiber in .8 vs .
well i had one on my first two systems .
i do n't like the look of this product .
i can usually just fill one between pickups .
these are exactly what i needed and wanted .
even then , a towel would be more comfortable .
well no more flimsy feeling corelle for me .
oil it occasioanlly and it will keep you happy .
they fit nicely and come off the cake easily .
i went on and bought the urban decay primer .
but the stitching was irregular on the front .
i did not want to keep buying more knives .
so far the battery is holding charge long enough .
she clearly has minions to do all that .
he barely laid on it and continued digging .
i purchased this to replace a broken pill gun .
remember to hand wash and use non-metal utensils .
i waited two years to write a review .
the samsung wep200 works perfectly with my treo 700p .
i was really disappointed when i opened the box .
i washed it but it is still there .
but the blueant is great in the car .
i am absolutely thrilled with this stylus ampen .
it takes just a few seconds to do this .
the second computer is older than the first .
this is very frustrating.the supplied headset is junk .
did not work out the way i expected .
i 've been around yoyos for over 40 years .
check this post out about the sudden death issue .
the color and shape is consistent throughout the pieces .
we use our brita pitcher quite a bit .
i ordered this lens a few days ago .
the four corner holes also lined up perfectly .
this should be in a squirt , not aerosol .
i bought this together with another oxo spoon .
it turned out delicious , much better than expected .
something i have experienced with cheap flat irons .
i liked this pick and the cover for storage .
i love the outdoor air flowing into my bedroom .
2 sized baking dishes for small or larger meals .
what a disappointment , this stuff tastes absolutely awful .
i recently was given a cast iron frying pan .
beautiful measuring jar to complete my glass pyrex set .
my cat will have nothing to do with it .
worked easily and my 3 daughters loved them .
so far i 'm very pleased with this purchase .
i have had to use 2 hands many times .
in my opinion the brew time is great .
amazon/interdesign replaced the broken one promptly without any fuss .
so this does seem the more pure cheese route .
my daughter was just frustrated with this toy .
i think other reviews have said the same thing .
it hides under the collar for a stealthy look .
i use hairspray and it does not remove it .
maybe in the past , but definitely not now .
they try to work with shadows and stuff .
threw away eggs stuck every time i used it .
5 years later , we are still using ours .
this replaced the batter door that i lost .
i have been using frontline for over 15 years .
i would n't recommend this product in the least .
i saved the money and bought the factory re-certified .
i would not buy more simply because of that .
it arrived on time and was well packed .
i suppose you get what you pay for .
i like the look and feel of this product .
it works perfect on my wifes iphone 4s .
first night i took few pictures of the moon .
it came out in too small of pieces anyway .
the downside is the quality of the item .
convenient to have in your car for your iphone .
he hated it and wants are old one back .
tried washing it several times but the smell remained .
other than that , we really like this case .
quality matches the price but they look nice .
buy a lifestraw instead , they last way longer .
this was included as part of a lens deal .
even kirkland brand green tea has more flavor vs .
i have a 4s and this fits nicely .
it is poorly made.the leather is paper thin .
i think the power supply was the weak link .
long announcement when you turn fm mode back on .
she is eternally gratefull to me for this gift .
great for making one cup at a time .
it 's not a gummy type of soft cover .
but it 's nice to have a back up .
i keep my turntable on another equipment stand .
it is not very functional in a small pan .
also i use it to carry a napkin.the mr .
pulling the string is much easier on my hand .
it smelled better and works faster than this stuff .
i received one of these cloths as a gift .
i sold this game quick and in a hurry .
passable if you add hot sauce and tortilla chips .
it takes a while to get off and on .
i 'll report how it holds up next year .
it 's also extremely flammable so take great care .
spend an extra half buck and do better .
it also did n't do much of anything else .
handle is large and comfortable , provides good leverage .
it works great and delivers clean tasting water .
when my bag came , it had been used .
i love skechers but these were a huge disappointment .
sorry to say but we sent this right back .
i have an 11 month old golden retriever .
it heats up quick and cooks evenly and quickly .
mounts well to the counter using little suction cups .
this is the watch i just recently replaced .
we broke our first one after several years .
took about 20-40 seconds to get an accurate reading .
i followed the instructions , and took my time .
i really wanted this camera to work for me .
for me this was a most disappointing product .
i updated this and took away a star .
i did not need a full size back pack .
the sound quality is the best by light years .
it is solid and holds a lot of weight .
i personally like milky makeup removers like vichy .
and it has held a good charge every since .
i wanted to love this thing so bad .
sometimes they are good , sometimes they are bad .
i ordered this case and was absolutely thrilled .
will order 2 more and complete my kitchen .
my first impressions are that it is comfortable .
have used the george foreman grill for years .
some similar cables do not work on this phone .
it has been more than worth the price .
got over 9 screen protectors from this seller .
and it just does n't pour well at all .
juicer looks great , and is very well made .
i purchased this through amazon 3 years ago .
ended up using this more like a shaving lotion .
save the extra money and buy the 5 qt .
nextel did not seem to understand or care .
another great feature is how quiet it is .
she uses it on the treadmill and elliptical .
i 'll likely never buy an oxo product again .
this case looks nice and snaps on well .
no more high fructose corn syrup in my drinks .
the time is correct twice a day , though .
in the long run was this systems downfall .
close ups when people talk is pretty bad .
this acne is going to take time to heal .
after brewing , the water temperature was exactly 178f .
got pills in the time frame predicted by shipper .
they include a first aid handbook as a piece .
now i 'm having problems with ipod all together .
capezio goes further & further downhill every year .
it keeps cold stuff cold and hot stuff hot .
for the money , it is a great value .
do not under any circumstances use this product yourself .
2 stars is for receiving an item falsely advertised .
so much faster and safer than a knife .
it just goes in the hopper quicker that way .
seemed bland , and seemed to be missing something .
thank you very much for reading my review .
i got the double rich chocolate terrible flavors .
blade was very sharp out of the box .
they are very trustworthy & ship fast & secure .
worked like a champ for about 48 hours .
so it gets 2 stars because of this .
careless handling gets oil all over the place .
no one knew how much money they had .
easy to put on , no bubbles no nothing .
i ordered the one with the mouse tail again .
these gloves provide the protection that is needed .
and i love my bluetooth no problems so far .
these headphones are very uncomfortable and very crappy sounding .
the covenant has no interest in friendly relations .
they do n't allow the butterfat to freeze correctly .
it was very nice for about an hour .
i would have given the first case 6 stars .
that is nothing to hold against starbucks vanilla though .
so hurry before i buy them out ! hahaha .
most of the other ones have around five minutes .
i checked the resistance and it was shorted .
not one dead wasp after 3 weeks of use .
the sellers markup on this product must be tremendous .
hopefully if you order , you get all pieces .
it is high quality and is easy to clean .
to be quite frank it is absolutely worthless .
after a two week it stopped charging altogether .
btw i bought this at the supermarket not amazon .
it has relieved her more than this ever did .
either that or these are not genuine amco spoons .
the belt clip breaks off after very little use .
this case arrived flat , not what i wanted .
was really looking forward to this hair roller set .
easy to use and clean.quality construction is evident .
baked bread and got a nice crunchy crust .
while the item worked it did so wonderfully .
i 'm glad i spent the money for it .
now both computers are connected through the cat-5e cables .
she said i could throw the bad unit away .
grips r ergonomic and comfy for long periods .
the price charged for this item is way overpriced .
really not much to say about this item .
i love how fast this sandwich grill is .
this nasty little unit is an environmental disaster .
i would highly recommend this product to anyone .
we wanted the safe edge aspect for the grandkids .
this was easy to pair and works well .
japanese the original voices from the original anime .
these are the best ear buds on the market .
this fits in my samsung mesmerize with no issues .
it 's a perfect size for a small saucepan .
this is my 3rd case for my iphone 3gs .
the bird looked wonderful and tasted moist and delicious .
a nice addition to my non marking tool kit .
simple and well designed , no charging capability though .
great to dry delicate pices of clothing in home .
i will not be buying from this seller again .
you want paper thin tomato slices ? no problem .
narrowed top prevents splashing of milk during steaming .
the quality is pretty cheap..but it does the job .
the slide on/off switch is a power saving feature .
this would be true of any french press .
bought it at costco with a different base .
i seriously use this vacuum all of the time .
i gave it up after the first two hours .
for it 's price it is a good item .
i bought this and gave it to my mom .
our labrador puppy chewed through this in no time .
i purchased this heat lamp for my chicks .
they were on sale for the same price .
i think this one will last a lifetime .
it does work well after breaking it in .
i gave this item to a friend for christmas .
needs to have the hair spaced out more .
it takes 4 hours to fully charge the unit .
i have two of the pickiest cats on earth .
viking products has been nothing but trouble to me .
usually i find them clean but not working .
you can never have enough chargers around our house .
the game gets really repeditive after the second level .
pyrex products are your best friends in the kitchen .
buy from someone in us you be better off .
it was easy to assemble and in good condition .
i 'm really hoping this is a counterfeit product .
these are not at all what i expected .
really lightweight - easy to pull out and use .
this spotting scope is virtually useless past 20x .
boo hiss ! not worth bothering to return it .
turns into a total one handed speedy operation .
great deal on a trio of very useful styluses .
when i first introduced beneful everyone dug in .
i had high hopes for badger 's insect repellent .
i primarily purchased this for the blowing aspect .
coleman claims this lantern is over 1000 lumens .
i give them away as cheap gifts to friends .
but applying oil/butter to it is very tedious .
so much so that it is very uncomfortable .
the description is for ages 3 and up .
it is also uncomfortable on my arm and slides .
some padding provides additional protection from drops and bumps .
i have ruined batches of cookies with them .
the service is terrific and i recommend this grinder .
i will not buy anything from this mfr .
sometime this morning it will begin its next journey .
i am very impressed with the popcorn it produces .
i dont understand the purpose of sending just stock .
i do n't have this experience with most mascaras .
went online to make sure i did it correctly .
i rather go back to my wire network .
they may have well as called this game .
finally a solution for the unreeling paper towel roll .
for any price this is a very useful accessory .
unfortunately , the quality goes along with the price .
the charging dock makes the note 3 very appealing .
the studs in the picture must be minuscule .
it works well and fits the iphone 4 perfectly .
one more note unrelated to the scoop itself .
you get what you pay for i guess .
the case does not look like the picture .
do not listen to anyone saying it is good .
my unit fell and broke the face plate .
my husband says it was the best gift ever .
i still use it and love speck cases .
i 've been through at least 3 of these .
this solved the odor in both kettles we have .
i gave her the small dog pill as directed .
the battery life is also far less than stellar .
these measuring cups are well-constructed and are also well-balanced .
i 'd buy again if it ever wears out .
also , the condensation on the lid created rust .
might as well get value for your money .
otherwise they would have been fine i suspect .
this idem is on sale for a reason .
my concern while purchasing this fan was air flow .
battery kept draining after such a short time .
i will not buy any more of them .
i finally resorted to a one-eighth teaspoon measuring spoon .
i was disapointed with the fit or no fit .
there was lotion covering the bottle under the plastic .
this medium coat is a completely different material .
it also muffled the ringtones in a weird way .
i looked at my tire and found the hole .
i will definitely buy more products from vic firth .
great for listening to podcasts , and spoken word .
the lines are thick and black for clarity .
this product should be refined to better quality .
the other one i had took two hands .
very happy with this new addition to my kitchen .
if you can convince anyone that this is real .
however when i got it , i was surprised .
this is a good hoodie and well made .
i have used this for about a month .
this can opener is still going strong in 2011 .
i am very happy with my new kitchen toy .
this machine is no match for the new consoles .
i am surprised at the quality for the price .
i would recommend it to anyone who enjoys popovers .
it includes a decent tempered glass screen protector .
it 's designed for a specific amount of browning .
a great coffeemaker without all those un-necessary gadgets .
i thought my phone was damaged and battery too .
what more can i say ? they are silpats .
arrived with a large chip on the edge .
parts of the aluminum also looked rusty and dirty .
it is much nicer with an organized freezer .
this is what real fruit juice looks like .
does a great job and easy to clean up .
this is our second purchase of thisvery model .
all of the lavanila perfumes last all day ! .
i do n't ever use the little nerd adapter .
i would never pay $ 349.00 for this chair .
the inside fur does get matted down pretty quick .
i read the ff7 script like five hundred times .
i purchased avon glimmer stick in black and brown .
so i may have to get another one .
these filters all fit perfectly in my brita pitcher .
i got this needing something that can take punishment .
i have always had excellent experience with pyrex .
ff 12 was so bad in many ways .
i learned how to sharpen by watching him .
do n't be stingy if you are cooking eggs .
other than the missing screen protector , good product .
went back to my rat tail comb for teasing .
i boiled water and used hot tap water too .
no kitchen should be without one of these .
the brushed aluminum makes it look really nice .
i think they 're headed to the donation box .
problem with heli was that it would not fly .
and i love the symbol codes in the corner .
i would not recommend it for presta valves .
my cats would not touch this can food .
i did n't believe it could be at first .
we 've had this for about 6 months now .
one of the better ones of the past year .
the pc version just has too many problems .
they fit perfectly in my breville smart oven .
i rinsed it off and that was that .
i was very excited to try the latte .
its very sturdy and connects without any problems .
i only needed it for about 10 pairs .
now today 7/12/2012 the power supply cord failed .
had an air popper and popcorn was everywhere .
the experience was like chewing a rubber band .
i was definitely disappointed when my daughter opened it .
just get the color you like and click order .
they are beautiful cookies and tasty and versatile .
judging from the thickness of the dzitronic case cover .
i guess it works for some but not all .
this did not last long with my dog .
thanks for a great price on a great product .
the music catalog on the device gets constantly corrupted .
terrible customer service and rude man at repair center .
this pen does n't work very well at all .
even dragging it on the counter is a pain .
i guess you get what you pay for .
maybe she is just to smart for it ? .
product has a great concept but lucks execution .
even if nothing broke , the design is deplorable .
i was surprised by how sturdy it was though .
mind you my daughter weighs in at 28lbs .
the other model i tried was battery only .
i like it since i have an older microwave .
this is the first steam vac i own .
purchase these to replace some broken adjustable stands .
a little pam or butter usually does the trick .
a gorgeous and functional addition to any modern kitchen .
but the gaskets are very easy to blow out .
it broke the second day i had it .
be sure to use the proper side , however .
tried multiple times and in multiple different ways .
then fully recharge it to train the battery .
it will also convert to a punch bowl .
protects the iphone as any good shell would .
just use a little non-stick spray , no flour .
these were beautiful glasses and a great value .
unlocking the phone - phone has an auto lock .
same lifespan as single brita filters , lower price .
i use them for everyday and bar drinks .
the tools were really nice especially the pic .
sad thing is we the honest gamers , suffer .
i get many compliments on it as well .
this small vacuum is just what i hoped for .
it will lean a few degrees to the left .
they just were n't comfortable so i returned them .
i will def buy more pens from them .
i even switch the cables to different ports .
they have become an essential in my kitchen .
i am really glad i bought this size .
even my cat does n't seem to mind it .
i bought this cable just as a spare .
the silicone attraches waaaayyyy too much pocket lint2 .
do not waste your money on this product .
i received my dana a few days ago .
these cups are great for taking lunch to work .
oxo has made life easier with this strainer .
i am totally thrilled to find this steamer .
i prefer games with more interactive gameplay than cinematics .
i purchased these blades from mg electronics via amazon .
i have several different sets of crystal glassware .
this protector is great and was what i expected .
taste is ok ; texture is something like straw .
i keep it in my purse or bag .
i like it a lot on my iphone 4s .
joy has let us down with this set .
i have never had a knife like this .
this product does not stay on for too long .
may need to purchase one for smaller cakes .
i think it will last quite some time .
the motion of the cursor lags behind your mouse .
these houses are possible starting points for you .
the jobst and truform 's were easy by comparison .
i am speechless with how amazing it works .
it does it , and its a big pain .
not easily lost they are a nice size .
out came a wonderful pitcher of iced tea .
great just what i needed for my grandson .
all the positive reviews are more than justified .
cheap and easy to hold..not so skinny like some .
the weight of these pans provides even fast heating .
this steamer is exactly what i was looking for .
this is as straight forward as it gets .
i 've mailed them back to amazon for credit .
bio oil is also pretty good for that .
it 's basically a tear drop from a stud .
i own a cast iron wok as well .
life is good when you have the right equipment .
bought this alongside the naztech red & silver case .
i did not smell or taste the chocolate .
these cases are worth about $ 1 each tops .
i wanted so badly to like this tea .
not sure how to make that happen more often .
it was annoying and it never got better .
bought this for an lg 840g trac fone .
it made such nice foam and mixed so well .
the igo chargers and tips are really great .
alright i am changing my rating to 1 star .
i brewed the first time with only water .
he 's off the food now but still recouping .
the best one is the red serrated one .
with high energy costs these really save a bundle .
this used to be one of my favorite brands .
what goes where and how to do it .
bought another one for a friend of ours .
i guess it just depends on the person .
i use these scratch resistant protectors for my iphone .
got this as a gift and love it .
i 'm so happy that we got this phone .
better off wearing lemon extract or something else alltogether .
we bought these before bcuz of the price .
a light- that is my sons favorite part .
bam ! just bumped it up too five stars .
it gets the job done just not well .
not even the weekly test comes in any longer .
well i got refund but never got a replacement .
this was the case with various sizes of spices .
but good for amazon to make this available .
it is light and easy to clean and store .
and cleans up as if i just unwrapped it .
*sad panda*so i was thinking - screw it .
these fit perfectly into my wilton 9 inch pans .
not anywhere as near useful as i 'd hoped .
tow hangs off side and width is very narrow .
definitely not something my mother could do for herself .
this is way too expensive for what you get .
it works without having to squeeze the handles .
but it did come in a reasonable time .
i bought this because it was more budget friendly .
it does a great job of preparing salad ingredients .
you just ca n't get a sponge in there .
loved it so much i recently bought another one .
its ungainly shape and design make storage a challenge .
i 've used other car adapters without any problem .
i just could not stand the slippery ends .
the kids just are not interested in it .
it has finally given up opening any cans .
it is very light with a pretty design .
first let me say you only get one .
everyone playing got bored within a few games .
supposed to be good for high blood pressure .
the slot for credit cards/id 's is a bonus .
worked this little guy to death , i guess .
still believe the k2 was depleting my d3 .
bought this for my dad after he saw mine .
i could not note any significant difference between flavors .
also you need to know how to apply it .
i washed them and that only made things worse .
these headphone were the thing i was looking to .
fits well , even with sync cable and earbuds .
i bought 4 cameras to take to hawaii .
this is my first experience with a pressure cooker .
too bad , because i have always liked bass .
it was like i was never missing a battery .
at least its not 1 of thier usual collectathons .
sound quality is excellent for a small speaker.3 .
this assortment came free with my new soda-stream .
i got one of the pools that deflates overnight .
i use this blender specifically for grinding flax seeds .
solid case and easily cleaned with soap and water .
i would like to order more in different colors .
the product package does not even list the manufacturer .
this hold all my fishing and hunting catalogs .
i to am very pleased with this item .
it clumps fine but odor control is horrible .
it came fast too , and handled with care .
i sent it back and the search continues .
i was never a big breakfast person until now .
came close to getting melted plastic on me .
immediately after applying my skin started to sting .
very nice to use if you have nails .
this is the best coffeemaker in terms of reliability .
i would definitely buy another product from this company .
its not a horrible smell , but it lingers .
this unit did not work well with my phone .
it ran very hot and died in a week .
the size is big , but not too big .
i cant imagine any better for the price .
i did not see an improvement in my hair .
have used it once to clean about 1200 sq .
the sound is far better than i expected .
the smaller kernels blow right out of the machine .
i just received these sunglasses and completely disappointed .
taught them the essentials and works for them .
this is our second foreman grill with removable plates .
i just about killed myself going down hills .
after giving the one i was using away .
this pan cleans up easy with no soaking .
it is not that adhesive and creates bubble easily .
but it paints over as a frosty purple/lavender .
i will only buy calphalon commercial from now on .
purchased this for use with my ipad 3rd gen .
i am buying my 3rd one of these .
the whole thing looked and felt pretty cheap too .
the worst thing they screwed up was the research .
i do like the texture of the protector though .
i use it for bith my iphone and ipad .
there is no booklet included in the box .
it had cracked a bit on the edge .
i threw out both before i finished them .
you need a pot rack to store this baby .
in terms of performance wen is still better .
i actually purchased this one for my mother .
my battery is always full thanks to this .
you do n't cook spaghetti in a spaghetti strainer .
these work as well as any other screen protectors .
the finish is good quality as expected from oneida .
it will save in paper filters being tossed out .
just placed an order for the secuda throat mic .
upon leaving she noticed her phone on the bumper .
flexible scraper , but not as flexible as silicone .
it arrived within a week in perfect condition .
the product looks as shown on the picture ! .
i have no complaints about quality of this product .
the products inside the box were just as described .
what i did n't want was a copy cat .
it keeps the beverage warm and does n't leak .
save your money and get a better quality headset .
even if they 're above me or below me .
this was the perfect solution for my pantry .
i am normally a size 24 or 0 .
i have gone through the instructions to deactivate .
not even dunked in coffee makes them palitable .
also , it is not meant to be digested .
they are however comfortable like other croc wedges .
only six more days til star wars battlefront 2 .
you can use your money for better supplements .
you know how to wreck a football game.5 .
i got a pure silicone/rubber case as replacement .
i also put mini colored marshmallows on the turrets .
the best thing about these is the price .
dishes are barely clean and covered in spots .
this purchase was for a new espresso maker .
this is not major but just an occasional happening .
next add 1 cup of flour and the gluten .
the speaker 's maximum volume is just completely unacceptable .
most definately more water resistant than otter box brand .
nice build quality , fairly well-working stay cool handles .
the cord length is adequate but not too long .
i have no complaints with the ease of use .
you can make your own mixture of oil .
the voice quality is definitely better than average .
it might look pretty but title is misleading .
what a difference it makes in the house .
however this is a great product that applies easily .
the only downside is they must be well oiled .
they also offer replacement blades for this item .
they are a really nice set with good finish .
my waffles were crisp and clean up was easy .
i like comfy t-shirts so i ordered this one .
it was a waste of money for me .
that 's why people opt for the diamond stones .
my son researches his wish list items very well .
the performance of my machine deserves zero stars .
this is by far the largest moka pot .
they do add some minerals and vitamins in it .
expensive and not at all what i expected .
i 've poached and they have come out fine .
worse thing i have ever bought on amazon .
it was exactly what i was looking for .
i received this as a gift in august .
you just sit in down in the base .
one application of oil is no where near adequate .
in general double edge razors are not well designed .
also , the whisk attachment is not very strong .
once it was done , connected like a charm .
the pom poms were not workable to ware .
i kept hoping the main character would just die .
holds galaxy s2 att version secure , no wobbles .
i ordered 2 of these packet sugar caddy pieces .
it takes almost 10 minutes just to boot up .
finally bought a cheap belkin and no more problems .
storage is a definite problem with this oven .
there is also cord storage inside the unit .
it works great on bare floor and carpets .
and the wind noise reduction works very well .
i would definitely purchase from this brand again .
lara is just not meant to be analog .
you should feel very confident with your purchase .
i purchased the cuisinart csb-33 quikprep hand blender .
i just do n't keep it with the tablet .
my bottles are used under very light conditions .
it did drop right into my kimber cdpii .
i like stainless steel pans and have many .
have never used anything else so have no comparison .
you have to unlock each leg and move them .
a little polish keeps it bright and shiny .
suitable for every day use and fine dining .
this screen is advertised as an exact fit .
i ruined several dishes trying to get this right .
there is no way i could do that .
i only used 2 times to time boiling eggs .
the temp control works well and heats up quickly .
i have used this once and it worked beautifully .
i read the reviews and did no further research .
my personal phone is also my work phone .
i use it regualarly to store cakes at home .
the framework of this strainer is cheaply made .
charged my tab 2 twice and cell phone once .
i have had one of these since 1981 .
it has a very off flavor in my opinion .
this little machine is a godsend for dicing vegetables .
never got the chance to use the pan .
the smooth dense texture of fudge was completely absent .
this is not the rubbery type of nylabone .
tried it the reverse - still did n't work .
i suddenly found myself having intense itching as well .
this worked just the way i needed it to .
i thought i would still give it a try .
i bake pizza on this stone once a week .
the designs come out really clear on the shortbread .
please avoid this product until linksys gets this right .
one is a vizio , one is a samsung .
certainly , it will outlast the usual chrome-plated ticky-tacky .
the good news is that it works wonderfully .
this works well for me in my office .
this does the same thing but with added protection .
i prefer the black tube of loreal 's mascara .
the pairing was very easy on my iphone 4s .
the device itself is very sleek looking and lightweight .
works great inside buildings.clear beautiful color screen and camera .
all my tights are organized and stay folded .
i 'm keeping it for a backup case though .
these look great and are very very sturdy .
an enemy pops up and pelts me with bullets .
this is a brand new product from new trent .
i accept the limitations as a trade-off for convenience .
my overall feelings were those of confusion and frustration .
the others have nice colors to satisfy any taste .
great results and pans wash up easily too .
however it 's all jazz and hip hop sounding .
it felt like my feet were being tortured .
it is nice that you get front and back .
it simply smells wonderful but has no taste .
do n't order this if you like good-quality mascara .
i just ordered one for my wife for christmas .
i suppose it could be passable as a toy .
unfortunately , the motor never ran an even speed .
i love all the unique sizes that these have .
it is an exact replacement and works perfectly .
the sequel is the end for this game .
things are hard to take apart for cleaning .
i wish all appliances had one.2 year update .
this does not mean that it is completely nonstick .
this is hotter than my long term mr .
my son has one of these and loves it .
i mostly enjoy bold and extra taste coffees .
does exactly what you need it to do .
the 'nut ' on the inside is completely flavorless .
this game has way too many easy battles .
this handy pink hard case is easy to find .
best looking of the three cover i bought .
i asked for a wrist wrap/velcro wrap watch .
highly recommended.i hope this was helpful to you .
the design of the bissell proheat was also poor .
use a fresh lemon and stevia packets instead .
i could only shoot at infinity with it .
only downside is that it is a bit big .
just plug it in and turn it on .
they are the perfect size for daily use-16 oz .
credit was received before the week was even over .
i advise everybody not to buy this game .
the ppi is embarrassingly ugly at this point .
its like a mma fighting rink in my home .
the story is pieced together in a fragmented way .
these work great for my polk rm6750 speaker set .
protects from all the times he drops it .
just be sure what you need it for .
it takes longer than using a gas stove .
the quality is great and it works perfectly .
ordered these and the ikea octupus drying hanger .
pops every kernel if you have good quality corn .
nor is it marketed as a treatment for gas .
did n't realize it until it was too late .
black glossy finish was acceptable on all four cages .
and so i could not consistently see the numbers .
only had it a month but makes excellent coffee .
i have a maltese/shihtzu who loves people food .
the fit is precise and installation is simple .
they taste good but everything turns to crumbles .
black and khaki crew socks for my teenager .
the sweet chili flavor was not for my taste .
i ordered the fancier more expensive gell seat .
sony does not seem to care for customer needs .
it is a good device with a great price .
this case fits the bill in all aspects .
you can drive right past the police cars .
i will update my review after 6 months .
this is seriously the loudest toy that we own .
this is the perfect accessory for my ipad .
now it nicks me every time i use it .
would be okay paying a bit more for that .
he got the star wars special edition version .
not sure how it got so many good reviews .
i will be looking at their dehydrators next .
easier to use and comes complete with needed accessories .
i loved all the pretty designs and patters .
thus i present my experience and my solution .
i 'm probably just going to give them away .
it is sweet instead of peppery or salty .
i think this case is just too big .
the bottom has a cord wrap to store it .
dont be afraid to spray non-stick on it first .
recommend before you put the front shield on .
i also found it to be a bit greasy .
the milling of the coffee beans is pretty loud .
i rebooted twice more and finally it worked properly .
i bought the 10-inch push-n-play for our 60 lb .
they 're also more expensive than clumping cat litter .
this morning the omron measured by bp at 84/64 .
those batteries are small and expensive to replace .
i have a older model of this time .
its great amazon is standing behind its products .
is fast and has a lot of applications/games .
this slim brita meets and exceeds my expectations .
they fit like the originals and they work good .
for now , popup pirate is the family favorite .
not sure what all the raves are about .
let me begin by stating i love nars .
this battery was cheaper than an instore battery replacement .
it boots up very fast and shuts down quick .
ca n't do that so it is going back .
also this item was much shorter than advertised .
it chops & shreds everything i put in it .
i bought this game the day it came .
paired easily with both my phone and satellite receiver .
plan on getting a few months out of it .
not much you can say about this product .
we use it every day for many things .
well seasoned cast iron is a non-stick surface .
they had no idea what was wrong with it .
it is wonderful to change my faceplates by myself .
this is my favorite bread machine so far .
simple to use and a good looking cooking tool .
i finally got someone who grudgingly investigated the situation .
when finished , it all goes in the dishwasher .
this is a great thermometer and easy to clean .
i love this thing and have had outstanding results .
it 's a very good buy in this price .
lotr2 is *much* better in this aspect.no skirmish mode .
the minerals seemed to thin be a foundation , .
this product is worth those extra 3 bucks .
this was a great case for my phone .
they decided to give us the executable name .
eventually the water just dribbled down the center fixture .
what fun.even the non-combat interface is completely dilapidated .
it holds a ridiculously small amount of water2 .
so they 're definitely there the next time around .
the attachments are the best part of this deal .
this is simply not a useful or cool product .
the shape and size of the bell is excellent .
my old ms optical mouse never had any problems .
chitchat lite - a free msn messenger client6 .
i bought a box of 50 based on reviews .
use hot water and a plastic scraper to clean .
their plain shortbread and pecan shortbread are incredible .
look forward to steaming veggies it in too .
i feel disappointed with korean skin care products .
i gave it away and use organic jojoba instead .
i wanted to buy 1kg of d-ribose from nutrabulk .
simple small and effective ! good price shipped promptly .
better , but still too weak for my taste .
instead of grilling the burgers , it slow-cooked them .
this fan was easy to setup and use .
obviously , they are a bit big for that .
very heavy , fits well in my kenmore elite .
and when you play it back noise becomes noise .
has a nice sturdy weight to it , too .
it was a total waste of my money ! .
first of all , this is no leave in .
honesly , this whole kit is not worth it .
it fits neatly in my car for easy use .
very easy customization and secure storage for sharp knives .
i can use this for my phone or tablet .
wide mouths , great sealing to keep things fresh .
this product worked very spottily from the beginning .
i will use double the amount next time .
it smells like soap , it feels like soap .
i thought i would never get that far .
it seems appropriate and looks quite nice and professional .
do n't expect to take long notes with it .
i really did not like this offering from celestial .
it 's very easy to clean and stores easily .
in addition , the sound quality was not impressive .
the film was minutely too long for my phone .
has received a few scratches on the back .
the machine is poorly designed and cheaply manufactured .
i guess for the price you cant expect perfection .
i do n't care about the many useless functions .
a very good cover for very sharp knives .
i actually forget that i have it on sometimes .
which beats the heck out of this price .
the pumping process is simple and easy to do .
you need good singleplayer or split screen modes too .
overall , they do sound ok in certain aspects .
it creates kind of a heart-shaped mom booty .
save your money , and buy something more modern .
easy and flexible to use in any vehicle .
this is a nice waffle iron for the price .
this fan is in use in our 12x20 shed .
i have made my own yogurt for years .
stands your phone up right and charges it .
one recipe that i made was a pork tenderloin .
do not need as many scoops of coffee .
easy to use right out of the box .
but it 's still just a boring button masher .
it is the perfect blend of size and strength .
this is perfect to use while filling jars .
i have installed 4 of these in my cars .
when i tried these on they were very long .
it lasts about 3-4 months before slowing down .
my hair has a natural wave to it .
and the black starts wearing off and looks horrible .
this foundation made me break out and caused itching .
love the handles and the ease of washing .
i do n't think i will buy these again .
i would buy if knew it made in europe .
my son used these and thought they were great .
i found it to be a boring kiddie game .
i found this one did a great job .
i wish i had a long time ago .
i do n't know what the fuss is about .
this also helps preserve any heat from escaping .
the ottorbox did not fit my iphone 4s properly .
i should have dug a little deeper i guess .
i 've been using blondish for about ten years .
i thought it would work with my peels .
sharpened every knife that i had with excellent results .
hope my chef husband does n't permanently borrow it .
the hole for the audiojack was way too small .
this thing should n't even be on the market .
a quick wipe and i put it away .
it is too large to soak in our sink .
so far i have used the paper filters .
my neighbor bought one too and she loves it .
i guess i should 've got the original one .
it has a lot of tension in the wheels .
it 's about customer service and this is unacceptable .
finally boxed the unit and sent back to netgear .
unfortunately , it does not come with screen protector .
worked fine and easy to install in the beginning .
it saved me from having to start over .
theoutside will fit inside festool saw dust port openings .
i have two different ones , and they last .
a very disappointed boy after a short time .
you should allow the yogurt to incubate 6-12 hours .
i will buy again to protect my phone .
this is the right size for my model .
they work but sr sun tour are much better .
it just has a tiny hint of peanut butter .
it works flawlessly when used in that configuration .
the string is too short to pull on it .
still , it has worked as intended thus far .
used a new tire glaze with these applicators .
i like and need pretty in my life .
this lotion did absolutely nothing for my dry skin .
i highly recommend the sony vaio laptop series .
this little gizmo helped me raise the bar .
this case is perfect for a bluetooth earpiece .
just get a manual opener like the oxo .
in plain view were the parts bag and posts .
absolutely the best potato ricer on the market .
you still ca n't change individual defensive players assignments .
i always keep an eye out for a replacement .
cleaning the kitchen-aid mill requires a tortuous disassembly process .
there i have said everyhting good about this .
who has recently changed their names to emerald llc .
and another clock in the house is always handy .
i was addicted to contra as a kid .
it holds a charge for very long time .
i can completely cover it in my hand .
i actually would give this product a minus 10 .
the circuit breaker tripped after a few months .
ended up pugging my phone in for charging .
guess this goes into my drawer of broken electronics .
they are very heavy and very well made .
my sister is allergic to dogs but not severely .
the number given in the magazine was different .
it is jerky like meat which is very soft .
i wish i got it sooner for its convenience .
not any better than my old antenna-less router .
i was stunned at how horrible it looked on .
i expect this pan to last a long time .
i recieved it today and its a darker red .
holds a little more soap than other models .
i want it back in the bigger hard bottle .
my initial impression was this phone was very tiny .
you will not be able to have any achievements .
it was n't too painful and it eventually passed .
this is practically survival gear at an affordable price .
never again will i purchase a a littermaid .
the title of my review says it all .
moved too easily to be of good use .
i should have paid more attention to the reviews .
i have many lodge pots of various sizes .
the case looks super cute on my white iphone .
you get what you pay for with this one .
zojirushi i believe makes the best rice cooker .
follow all instructions for safety , and so on .
connected fine and tested making a call without issues .
this one is in my garage sale pile .
look for that pair and get it instead .
i use the batteries for mouse and keyboard .
would n't buy it again not worth the price .
i use about half than when i make coffee .
if not the first.this has happened several times .
but one of the major feature is missing .
it was not fun chasing the balls everywhere .
and good luck finding underwear to wear with them .
color faded and turned brown instead of black .
the tab that holds the cards in eventually break .
i have two toshiba tvs that are great .
they are definitely a good item to buy ! .
shipped to me in perfect time ; very quick .
this is often the first board i reach for .
i would recommend them to my family and friends .
service was great but product not worth it ! .
it stays hot with no cord in the way .
then they opened it up , too many people .
not too much to say about a phone case .
i will not go back.cuisinart is my product now .
all of my cakes and casseroles turned out beautifully .
not worth the hassle and cost to return .
makes me think twice about ordering from amazon .
this one has been lasting almost a week .
all three are solid and function great as advertised .
finally got rid of it the other day .
this towel holder is perfect for the fridge .
it 's 10 bucks cheaper and 1000 times better .
so hand drying would be the way to go .
most seem to help some , but not enough .
i 'm really disappointed when the perfume came in .
they even sat on it and it held up .
i bought this press pot back in may 2007 .
the camera is too small for adult hands .
the motor on mine is as good as new .
i use it for cookie dough and ice cream .
i normally find them in the cake decorating aisle .
they are also great for large salads , etc .
this is the worst grill i have ever owned .
both the wall plug and car carger works .
sad i really wanted her to have these .
i received the product yesterday and wore them today .
first , i am a huge fan of trackballs .
it seemed like the best deal out there .
this product must be made wet to use .
this smokey dirty squeaky mess is now permanently outside .
it smells bad and has a chalky texture .
looks like hardware store chain for miniatures or crafts .
its like the sims , but trying to hard .
it snapped in two the day before yesterday .
the very first boss- black mask- totes double magnums .
this thing fits like hammer pants for my torso .
i love this case..l best dollar you can spend .
i really like pyrex and these are no different .
probably gives it another few days without any problems .
i should n't have to do something like that .
they make using your device a much better experience .
was pleased with the sturdiness of the hanger .
it just makes an already bad speaker louder .
it 's hard to believe all the good reviews .
that is the only result i can say .
there is also a bit of a grainy taste .
it is great when i am making mashed potatoes .
otherwise i am finally a very happy coffee guy .
i blame this more on amazon than panasonic .
i have had the flbusb80-c model for 2 years .
if i get the gs3 i will buy another .
as a matter of fact i own 2 .
those who have used both usually have a preference .
this was a great investment for the money .
works well once you find the right frequency .
this is not at all what i expected .
amazon should make recompense to me , i feel .
previously i had been using zeolite for ammonia removal .
i felt it was to wide for me .
the marketing team has definitely targeted this to men .
do not buy unless you collect old game systems .
now i am stuck with 30-lb leftover food .
sprint sent me a refurb that barely works .
they are the best i have ever bought .
the product appears to be of good quality .
the glass on the iphone 4 is good enough .
love it for moving from car to car .
make sure you get it right the first time .
but it is heavy duty and i mean heavy .
there was a bad aftertaste-i spit it out .
it can be put back on but a pain .
only once did i have to untie it .
it should have a secure handle on it .
the racing portion just feels way too slow .
either that or it was made in china .
pay attention to the markings on the body .
i make them at least once a week .
this gets exact fit on my iphone 3gs .
this a great made in usa cooking twine .
leastways , not with my network and windows vista .
plus the advertising gave me a good laugh .
the design is exactly as represented in the photos .
the graphics indoors look like good ps1 visuals .
i purchased this lantern and promptly returned it .
holds enough power to fully charge my ipad .
but i could see my reflection very well .
this is very handy for organizing your cabinets .
grappling doors and enemies is n't very fun either .
the quality of the wool is very cheap .
all within the period of a few seconds .
that actually works pretty well for audio books .
the purple was less pigmented than the rust .
the product does not offer privacy at all .
i used a torch , and it was tedious .
i returned it and got a swift refund .
you never want to put these in a dishwasher .
i wish villaware still made their waffle maker .
excellent , perfect for storage right inside the jar .
i used with atrix i and ii mb860+ mb865 .
i thought that 's what they were built for.3 .
the crown also feels very rough and flimsy .
please note , these are not really cookie cutters .
the phone has a charger in the box .
widens your photo so you can see more .
its quite easy to screw the game over .
this is the best grater i have ever used .
it is not full sweating protected as it said .
very long extension - can reach high places easily4 .
it is 18/10 steel and everything fits well together .
this phone has a good chance for survival .
these headphones sound pretty good and are very comfortable .
has a nice sharp edge and cuts well .
if you get one , order a size down .
the micro usb cable is awesome and designed great .
the whal trimmer i use to assist haircuts .
it was pretty straight forward to put on .
these buzz and are n't even worth listening to .
i use it daily with the powermat charger .
the red ones especially have a chemical taste .
the same goes for the other voice actors.7 .
it does provide a lot of heat quickly .
the roomba has improved alot in a couple years .
i have not tried soft boiled eggs yet .
but they should be checked now and then .
this seems to work fine for many people .
the pour spout works well and is nicely made .
i purchased this based on the excellent amazon reviews .
the cable and the connectors are excellent too .
it is stylish and it heats up quickly .
practice your coordination dont blame the screen protector .
and i 'm even happier that shipping was free .
i recieved this product today and it is awesome .
two bleeding thumbs down for ease of assembly .
i 've had this phone for several months now .
i 'm using it for the first time today .
this purpose-built thermometer is much easier to use .
on the box the pan is listed as 4.75-quart .
i run them acroos the steel before each use .
i have e-mailed tech support , but no response .
there are many vegetables that pass through our kitchen .
quite handy for chopping and dicing.definitely worth the price .
it is a large kettle , very heavy duty .
the wok shop always promptly ships out your goods .
it is easy to hold while washing any vegetable .
it works and is worth about a buck ! .
works with my music and calls for my nexus .
the game is a typical real time strategy/tactics .
i should have bought this before i bought another .
i would do it again if i needed another .
received it today and its exactly what i needed .
batterythe battery leaves a lot to be desired .
usually land up charging one at a time .
i should have paid more attention to the description .
i folded them in half lengthwise before rolling up .
these snugs are a waste of your money .
they do charge slower than the original cables .
to keep them from cracking or drying out .
this was my first cookware set i bought .
i did n't notice if it calmed my redness .
these are very good balls to play fetch with .
i installed over 350 ft of this hose .
also great for making tea with loose/bulk tea .
some of the rice and other ingredients remained hard .
you will not be disappointed with this mixer .
this product does not work at all anymore .
do n't buy this item for your bbry 8900 .
this is a pan for serious steak cookers .
they last forever and are darned accurate too .
this is actually a lovely table when assembled .
this water bottle was a total waste of money .
they wash up well and are nice and large .
it will do a decent job or stuck surfaces .
i have friends whoneeded gasket for their blender .
let all other parts dry completely after cleaning .
would hate to smell this on somebody else too .
this is not a life threatening allergenic reaction .
it easily holds 11 knives of varying size .
i rented it last night , and it bites .
i love calphalon pans , and own a dozen .
my old blender could not handle the challenge .
they are very well constructed and are quite durable .
keep it close to or at the surface.3 .
i would not pay twenty-some dollars for this again .
i would definitely recommend this case to anyone .
disappointed with the quality of this playmobil purchase .
no need to ever get out my phone .
i would prefer black but white is second best .
it did not fit and i ordered my size .
this comes in many colours and that impresses me .
volume could be better , but is still adequate .
i own multiple chef 's knives with varying quality .
but for my surprise the product was open .
even has an additional lid with tea basket .
ok , so i read the manual about returns .
i can supply a picture if anyone is interested .
these are great to use for any cold drinks .
he ended up throwing the toy and crying .
they are so handy all of the time ! .
but not worth the bother to return them .
this is the part that frustrated me the most .
unfortunately , the mini chipper holds only 5 tbsp .
but it is relatively easy to clean anyhow .
gve them to a friend with bigger dogs .
big issue for no gain and higher price .
i catch him wearing it often without realizing it .
not a good shampoo for coily natural hair folks .
as a product it should get 0 stars .
otherwise you can not use dvds on your x-box .
so i 'll return this for a larger percolator .
tongs are the most useful tool in my kitchen .
i wo n't repurchase or buy any other flavor .
the rest just sit in the pan and burns .
a dirty towel can scratch your car 's finish .
my wife has severe alergies eppy pin and all .
it sticks out to far from my belt .
i should have paid more attention to the size .
i give this mess a 0 out of 10 .
i think either one would work for most feet .
what an attractive player , so sleek and slim .
it 's great for general protection of your evo .
not as described and a loser for crayola .
its refreshing to see a product so well made .
these batteries are the real deal and work well .
contains vitamin c that really dries your skin out .
my foodsaver has been such a great purchase .
the 4 mp does n't give enough picture quality .
they are not the best as far not scratching .
received this shaver as a present last year .
first , make sure your screen is completely clean .
i speak from years of experience with it .
the clock and timer are easy to program .
for more bassy sound try the palm pre headset .
generally slopping things around as i did it .
perfume was completely evaporated by the time i arrived .
bakes cookies evenly and to accurate time of recipes .
such a waist of my hard earned money , .
we purchased this item used from amazon fulfillment .
the size of a dime and worth much less .
picks up nicely and worth what we paid .
for fuel storage , i would recommend sta-bil 360 .
so i tend to drink alot of water .
i use the cord to power my controllers .
the feel of the case is light and silky .
that saved my bread dough from being thrown out .
i like the top down visibility for measures .
a homerun feels the same as a single .
overall it 's a nice pan for the price .
mine has worked perfectly for about two months now .
or just might be a fake knock off .
did not work well with microsoft voice command .
i have been extremely happy with this case .
i left it in my hair for an hour .
the mp4 video recording is also of decent quality .
we have had this now for about 4 months .
i wonder how people give it a good review .
it was really great and i love it .
it works fine once you get it on .
pot is very versatile , good for 1/2 lb .
i am hoping this is not a trend .
it seems to help the arthritis side of it .
mine was printed inside with some random imei .
they have worked great on all of the products .
one can focus at closer distances at lower power .
really not a big deal in my opinion .
love the texture and quality of these covers .
i seem to get longer use out them too .
i 'm sure nothing was wrong with the settings .
the cases fit snug and secure onto the phone .
safe to use.2 very , very easy to use .
i prefer to use my vents for ac ! .
great for scooping nicely-shaped cookies or ice cream .
it holds the curl well for several days .
no way for the filter to pop out .
well i had one , and i sold one .
also the chain is really thin and flimsy .
you may want to stick with your teflon .
home run and superb deal for the product .
sorry , but i can still smell the odor .
this smells weird on me- really , really weird .
so i moved on to the next test .
probably my biggest complaint about this was assembly .
try the b pillar instead of the dash ? .
that includes any sonicstage and open mg programs .
i replaced those batteries and had the same issue .
it is very easy to use and clean .
we are amazed every time we clean our carpets .
this charger works great on a droid x .
no problems and easy to install without bubbles .
i imagine my husband will bookmark this one .
i love the heft to this can opener .
this is really fake tasting and overly sweet .
they sell through amazon & have their own website .
seems they jack it up in the spring .
the strainer is wonderful for home-made jams and jellies .
also a great gift for those wine loving friends .
it falls off sooooo easily i hated it .
a must buy for people who loves baths .
it would be great if the belt is expandable .
you want a theme park game get rollercoaster tycoon .
i garantee they sent a really old bottle .
the memo holder has a place for a pen .
and i 've found they dry within 12 hours .
it was easy to put on and off .
spent 40 bucks for something that ate my computer .
it makes a huge mess without the guard .
i could have bought a swifer with better results .
i have maybe 500sqft of carpet in my home .
i do n't plan to buy this ever again .
the screw that mounts it is stripped out .
but for other considerations it is about 2.5 stars .
you also get to play as a bomber gunner .
soak strips in freezing cold water prior to use .
however ultimate spider man rulz so buy that .
there are no good rpg games for this system .
rented the game and glad that i did .
there is nothing more to say about it .
my dog destroyed this in about 2 days .
just received it today and already used it twice .
its very similar to that type of style .
i followed the enclosed directions to the tee .
fyi - made in mexico not the usa .
it also keeps your wrists from wearing out .
a huge production budget could n't save this abomination .
and the chemical smell dissipates pretty quickly as well .
it is absolutely fantastic and i highly recommend it .
these cheezy companies keep selling these dawf target systems .
better toy for a dog than a cat .
mine have gotten all dented from dropping them .
it was too stiff and she was uncomfortable .
on the other side i put the spice rack .
we make a huge batch and freeze the leftovers .
battery life is excellent and it charges fast .
weird , but its like a mini swiffer mop .
it makes me happy just looking at it .
a lot of pretty well designed mini games .
good gift for someone with a new smartphone .
the texture is like paste and not very palatable .
recommend this case for iphone 4 s nice .
this is our new standard in our office .
sending back to amazon.bought the model by bonjour instead .
spend a little more and get something better .
i would recommend this dealer to my friends .
it appears to me that chemex filters vs .
i was so happy with ease of use .
basically losing a lot of power from the case .
i do use it all the time though .
decent price for the convenience of purchasing online .
i really did like how it looked , though .
they are very comfortable to where and sound great .
i had previously been a le creuset person .
tells you battery level when you turn it on .
i suggest buying a second battery just in case .
but , its moving parts are just too awkward .
i read the reviews and ordered these pads .
this is typical for any and all bluetooth headsets .
shame on truglo for advertising that they are .
the default music is a horrible arranged version .
one of the best grinders on the market .
hopefully the finish will last with simple handwashing .
the iron grip pulls on my hair to rough .
use the handle and included pads for light cleaning .
the product smells great and i followed the instructions .
bought this for my daughter-in-law for soups and chili .
so worth the $ 3.16 i paid for it .
this screen protector is now my absolute favorite .
it quit working just after the return date expired .
the new anker battery last me all day again .
tried to edit as much as i could .
small and lightweight , gets the job done quickly .
i have an iphone 5 and love this product .
not nearly as good as my motorola headphones .
the satin sand dune collection is very well made .
this is exactly what i am looking for .
good quality good price on this pressure cooker .
i think this is a staple in every kitchen .
just a bit of soap and spray it off .
but , i decided to give this a try .
the awesome battery life is worth it though .
the side releases nicely from the cheese cake .
there are much better bluetooth offerings out there .
i just got an evo 4g from sprint .
it is just as easy to clean as nonstick .
i had a frydaddy fryer that i really liked .
the signal strength out of box was about zero .
this game can be described in one word .
the qa people at netgear must be shot .
i just replaced two graters myself because they broke .
stacking these dishes so practical and saves space .
i feel as if i wasted my money .
the exolife iphone 4 battery case operates as suggested .
so i try to email them about the issue .
web browsing is very good in landscape mode .
i do not recommend this game to anyone .
emo girl paine is hardly a good enough replacement .
this spade is sturdy and works amazingly well .
the stain is very clearly a different one .
this is the worse filter i have ever used .
i really had my hopes high for this one .
but they 're backordered - 2-4 weeks *minimum* wait .
it had multiple holes after the first use .
the bread hook that is included kneads bread well .
small but they did work will get some more .
the heart rate readings were erratic and inconsistent .
small some how ends up being 44 inches .
sorry but i had to replace with something else .
the final resort was to reformat my machine .
primitive , blocky graphics make atari 2600 look ultramodern .
this same dish cooks perfectly in the pumpkin .
not much positive to say about the thing .
overall a great performer and a decent design .
to me this is not worth the price .
this silicone case does not fit tight around phone .
i 'm with the dangerous camp on this one .
but the plates and bowls are thin and flimsy .
it gave me phone a totally different look .
this stuff did nothing for me at all .
the camera angles in this game absolutely stink .
it arrived as promised and works like a charm .
it works great wired but wireless range is terrible .
the handles are comfortable and its easy to use .
we bought these for our 1/2 gallon glass jars .
not too much to say in the review itself .
this protectors works just fine with my iphone .
over the years i have used numerous bluetooth headsets .
i use these cookie cutters for ceramics class .
i love the size and they do not stain .
looks and feels cheap anf easy to break .
it recently broke after many years of faithful service .
test it and return it to the p.o .
it does inflate easily and holds air well .
i can honestly say i was n't missing much .
i never knew how important sim size is .
i purchased this to replace my old ear piece .
i 've always had good experiences ordering from amazon.com .
just a friendly warning to all cdr/cdrw/dvdr/dvdrw drive owners .
just taking them out made my hands stink .
check them out before you buy this thing .
however , the brew from the 963 was superb .
this holder works in 2005 toyota corolla s vehicles .
threw it out after four or five tries .
i was surprised by the size when it arrived .
and the material was not soft at all .
there is very little solo content in this game .
i also had ordered for back up food storage .
owned a less expensive bread maker which finally failed .
got this veggie brush to fill out an order .
lodge makes the best cast iron on the market .
but for all the mixing tasks it is excellent .
two large pockets on a very unobtrusive waist apron .
the streak has a 4-contact point lion battery .
it 's not the model i have by htc .
you can take the ring off though lol .
it has always been just out of reach .
my son had two of these corningware mugs .
i own about 40 pair of reading glasses .
i did not like this tea at all .
nice heat retention of even heat from iron .
i got a box of 16 of them .
the first area of concern is battery life .
microphone sticks out in front of your face .
there is not much to say about this product .
it works well and is easy to clean .
i used about six different sauces in comparable amounts .
you can not wear it comfortablly while wearing sunshades .
the first one would lose an hour a week .
otherwise , look for a the thin stamped blade .
i was really looking forward to using this product .
has an alarm , date with day and year .
even the gorgeous pearl metallic color is the same .
makes me feel professional to have it though .
i literally wore the shoes 1-2 times a week .
i bought these to help with my heel pain .
this is a great part and works perfectly .
they looked adorable but man did they smell .
this is my second set of all clad .
i hope to find more in the coming years .
every kitchen must have a great bread knife .
purchased on amazon but not sold by them .
i think they have switched to cheaper materials .
lifetime warranty if you keep box and receipt .
giving this device two stars is pretty generous .
i am thinking of buying more for gifts .
so i guess not all cats love the flavor .
i do not recommend this case to anyone .
this was perfect for the wedding cake i created .
the beer that is fermenting in the mr .
it 's worth the money and easy to refill .
how pleased i am with this handy little caddy .
first the inside screen flickered and then altogether died .
the cable looks good , but did not work .
just awful.disney should be ashamed to license this one .
tried it for a week and it did nothing .
makes very smooth smoothies and marguaritas in seconds .
we received this as a gift and were disappointed .
not that great but for the price not bad .
it looks very nice and everything stays cold .
your supposed to change your filter every 3 months .
- that i use this charger to charge .
works good and seems accurate and easy to store .
stay with the tried and true glass measuring cups .
i was terrified the first time i played .
the ring is about 1/4 inch in diameter .
i had high hopes for this organic popcorn .
a mortar and pestle can only do so much .
not a lot of applications that are useable .
i would now rate this about 3 stars .
keeps our counters looking more neat and organized .
not as good as far as dropping and such .
these have a very odd taste , all chemically .
these were perfect to make chocolate covered oreos .
i do n't even try to use it anymore .
it also was coated in some oil or grease .
my grandkids absolutely love this sand box from amazon .
the headset fits well over and in the ear .
i found a replacement part , which is inexpensive .
it has holes for headphones and the camera .
they will slow when you are stuck behind them .
they are nothing more than minature pop tarts .
i tried changing batteries but nothing seemed to work .
this is a great nail too for regular nails .
good headphones , but they only lasted 3 weeks .
i bought this for travel juice for my razr .
this is a nice pan , but 2 cautions:1 .
and it 's a pain to keep changing batteries .
the plant can also concentrate toxic chemicals like arsenic .
its a nice bag , just not large enough .
i use it on uber hot humid days .
i saw a lot of knife sharpeners out there .
great product much bigger then what you expect .
i have 2 of them side by side .
head to head combat is very boring too .
the game runs now at 2/frames per second .
they are much larger and even more graphically detailed .
cable appears to be of good quality too .
not quite as non-stick as most non-stick surfaces .
sure enough , that was the case with mine .
and the way its designed is just cute .
will be getting laser surgery on my veins .
makes me think that they are very very old .
i contacted the manufacturer and they confirmed this fact .
this press is very precise and just works beautifully .
this attachment works wonderfully for cheese.a note on disassembly .
i threw the rest of this in the trash .
it is trying to cough up a hairball .
for the price it is a great value .
i use it all the time and love it .
your coffee will never taste like paper again .
everything matches up fine and is easy to use .
it also keeps everything inside nice & clean .
they even have some decent scents to them .
so i am still looking for a teleconverter lens .
buttons fell out after 3 months of use .
very convenient to use for sugar or flour .
this is a big disappointment.the graphics are cell-shaded .
case makes phone difficult to hold in hand .
i 'd used the sizing chart and measured myself .
i purchased three of them in 2 weeks .
i just put this sheet in the trash .
sounds never seemed to match up to the picture .
my qb just threw an 80 yard touchdown .
this product was not good for my hair .
i did not use the plastic yogurt container .
glad i got it on a lightening deal .
just pick out the paper. , i love it .
i guess you get what you pay for .
they often get stuck just before the monkey .
i had good luck in the past with this .
i have a small head by the way .
i have ordered these exact sweat pants before .
buy local , use stainless steel and healthy fats .
nothing fun about playing with really hard rice krispies .
it is more busywork than it is fun .
but it is very difficult to push this stroller .
we have a doberman in a carpeted home .
a design intended to fail.stay away from these .
devil may cry 3 will be better than this .
this is representative of the entire phone operation .
okay if you like those type of games .
the effects are hit and miss as well .
i will use mainly for my bundt cake recipes .
but there is no sound coming from the headset .
maybe i just have a wierd head ! ha .
unfortunately , this gauge purchased on amazon is terrible .
that earpiece would not stay in my ear .
i have owned this same knife for 7 yrs .
commands to individual ships are often mysteriously forgotten .
the case adds very little thickness or weight.2 .
then the younger one proceeded to eat the pieces .
that is why i have rated it 4-stars .
i have a drinkwell fountain for my 3 cats .
for all that mess the color was pretty weak .
i bought these shooting glasses about a month ago .
the book does what it 's intended to do .
this is a jumping gamefirst and shootem up second .
i really thought they would like this more .
there is no way this is the original scent .
the quality is good and it performs well .
it keeps my floors cleaner than mopping , etc .
these earbuds are amazing , very clear and comfortable .
i love this brand and everything they make .
i bought one for each of my family members .
i love this model ! give it as gifts .
i could n't get past the horrible perfume smell .
my teenage daughter had this on her phone .
it got an extra star for being blue .
these have always been good dependable screen protectors .
it just cracked while cooking a pot of curry .
i bought this pack from another online store .
great product and it fit and work well .
it broke after 7 months of gentle use .
if i let it go it would stop charging .
however the connectors rarely make a good connection .
those types of scenarios would never come up .
it makes a frozen pizza into a masterpiece .
i will never go back to a drip .
they were the perfect addition to my closet .
why buy something guaranteed not to work right .
i recieved purple water definatly not any syrup .
a serving platter should be bigger than this .
the motorola is a micro usb rapid charger .
these felt like a really small size 5 .
you can obviate solving this puzzle with your inventory .
about 6 hours talk time and 2 weeks stand-by .
it tightly fits the camera and thats it .
i use this for my ipod in my car .
checked the connection between the laptop and the cable .
this is a must use item for energy savers .
charging nonapple device in apple port may take longer .
after disconnecting the headset the problem is gone .
give this a try and feel the difference .
unlike most brands they are not round or ellipsoid .
we can probably live without the lifter tool .
it tastes so much better from a cast-iron skillet .
i really wanted to like this mouth guard .
so far i am very happy with it .
they arrived as promised , on time and intact .
you fire which ever way you are facing .
it can hold a crown roast with no problem .
it sounds like a harmonic when she does this .
it was the cheapest and it is the best .
there was no noticeable reduction in the buzzing sound .
that is because that methos introduces other problems .
need to find something like it for my car .
it has a lot less alcohol in it .
mine is used for cleaning up around the woodstove .
this is especially true for the g string .
placing the screen on the phone was easy .
one for olive oil and one for cooking oil .
this hot water bottle is cheap and quite disappointing .
i have purchased items online for over 10 years .
i recently drive from nashville tn to dallas tx .
this is the best rated one i could find .
so when i received mine i tested them .
kong needs to rethink this toy big time .
i look forward to many years of usage .
the machine seemed to be working too hard .
i bought this cheese cloth for straining rice milk .
i really am going to stop buying shirts online .
this is a great purchase totally worth every penny .
i must admit that this popper works great .
i would say the only caveat is storage space .
that is not the expected behavior with indian cookers .
it cleans up very easily with warm soapy water .
added this as a second saucepan to my collection .
normally i 've been really happy with monster products .
that was a reall turnoff for my guys .
bought as a gift and she loves them .
i had to completely clean it with disinfecting wipes .
it keeps my knives at reach and easily accessible .
overpowering scent drenches everything in a sickening stench .
i quit taking them andmy allergies got better .
he was clearly trying to remove the smell .
easy to use , able to put in dishwasher .
it saves your hands from all that work .
a reasonably priced great addition to my bakeware .
i 'm going against the crowd on this one .
we find the filling a bit of a chore .
i will not feed this to my dogs .
but the pattern wore off much faster than expected .
seidio says to do this for three cycles .
i am very , very disappointed with this headset .
it is a 2-way cable - not available easily .
i am not happy with the color either .
just above that 4a curls but not tight .
does not clean eyes if they are already yucky .
you can not go wrong with ms chen .
i finished the bottle and felt zero positive effects .
actually sort of insults your intelligence as an individual .
a softer crust slices easily with one pass .
it is not the right product for me .
my darling bride loves teapots and collects them .
i use an electric stove and it is outstanding .
i ordered this for heating milk for making yogurt .
the perches were too short and close together .
just wanted to warn you about the price .
he chomped up the other ones right away .
this product did nothing for me at all .
i 've purchased hanes crew socks for many years .
it 's a two-piece hard shell lined with leather .
they will also hear a lot of background noise .
this epilator ruined my legs for quite some time .
to be honest we found this quite boring .
the rest of the watch is cheap plastic .
i got the 3500 mah extended battery by acase .
its been 3 months since i got mine .
my wife collects it , so she loves it .
it does hold an iphone 4,4s with a case .
i would like a replacement , or a refund .
one worked like a charm and was wonderful .
it would n't be bad if it stayed together .
always dry it by heating it over the flames .
eventually i gave up and ordered a different product .
i use this machine a few times daily .
would have loved it to work for me .
i found that the brush did n't rotate anymore .
under the light i can see their shinning .
that was a serious test of effectiveness.highly recommend .
with the other 2 the correspondence was inconsistent .
with that said , here is my humble opinion .
i 've been collecting knives for over 25 years .
i use it mainly when i go out kayaking .
i saw all the colors and loved them all .
i chose this one to try a new vendor .
sorta cute design , needed for party last minute .
it certainly does n't compare to medieval total war .
this knife is so comfortable and easy to use .
i have not recieved my mixer yet from appliances.com .
you will be better off buying a shoe stretcher .
it 's just string covered in a sticky wax .
the belt sizing on this item was misleading .
i think they will last a long time .
this is a high-quality addition to my kitchen .
finally , this device caused lots of wasted juice .
i turned out to be a very good decision .
i love all the widths & are good quality .
he said he might have pressed too hard .
there 's good news and bad news with z.o.e .
i may get some of these for myself ! .
have had no problem with these pizza stones .
recommend for anyone who has a lg 840g .
a family member gave me this for christmas .
i had the product for about 2 years .
microsoft should really take a lesson from logitech here .
a lot of grit and not much substance .
this product cuts through shortening and butter easily .
i will not buy a cuisinart product again .
i was hoping for a cleaner citrus smell .
i have not had any trouble with sticking .
good use one vs brand new/or factory refurburshed .
we got this toy for our daughter for christmas .
makes nice designs and works well for me .
i purchased this product thinking it was a root .
this is absolutly the worst wwe game ever created .
i have had my peeler almost 4 years .
i got this to replace my plantronics voyager 510 .
i have had this product for about a month .
it is new product development gone horribly awry .
this makes one handed tossing and flipping difficult .
i put in a half-cup full of kernels .
i felt the yellow rubberized shaft was too short .
the package says that they are dishwasher safe .
seems like it could be a great product .
i tried using it after 6 and 12 hours .
i quit using it shortly after that month .
i suppose you get what you pay for .
so far this has been a great product .
it is sturdy and obviously lasts a long time .
i have noticed this with several people using it .
the phone is locked suitable for all operators .
i highly recommend you spring for the powertouch .
the case is sturdy , the color is beautiful .
more like a toy or starter set for youngster .
i 'll post a review update in 3 months .
i swear to god my jack russell dry heaved .
for the price is really is a good deal .
the holster fell off my dash within two days .
fell apart after only one week of minimal use .
i then used the bowl to make the salad .
only good for air soft or pellet gun .
it did a turkey and several chickens nicely .
it should really only take 1 minute to absorb .
as a base coat , double duty works decently .
i would not recommend this cage to anyone .
it just started to drift as others have observed .
i have decided to give it away today .
the package came and we were all excited .
if you bake these pans are the best .
it does not scratch the phone in any way .
it is also quiet and durable with multiple speeds .
amazon was fantastic with prompt , free return service .
save your money and buy a different brand .
so the search for a decent headset continues .
i have received many compliments on this phone .
it was peeling straight out of the package .
i wish it came with screen protection too .
the planes are just too easy to fly .
only i dont know what nevella is made from .
the wrestlers look good enough that you recognize them .
purchased this for a gift for my granddaughter .
nordic ware 65004 11 inch microwave plate cover .
picture scrappy doo doing a joe pesci imitation .
ironing is no longer a pain in the neck .
i got the lustrasilk curl max at walmart .
the lid is also easy to put on .
after feeding my cat royal canin for a year .
all of the guns in killing floor were crippling .
this tablets do not work for him at all .
bone did not seem real and was chalky .
the rotisserie wo n't handle much of a load .
a healthy snack should not contain any of these .
and there is no way this is unscented .
i love to make dried fruit and turkey jerky .
my only complaint is the cord is very short .
they have a bit of flare that adds interest .
i just put on my iphone screen protector .
maybe these are fake or they changed the straps .
i would venture to guess others feel the same .
make no mistake ; this was a promising idea .
just started taking them with a glass of water .
this unit only has a headphone jack output .
it is not shaped or sized like a turner .
a bottle brush can be forced into the hole .
great fit on the screen and no bubble .
it is better than my regular set of knives .
i could eat a candy bar for fewer calories .
it is really loud and the songs/phrases are annoying .
the low volume setting is still too loud .
i 've never experienced this problem with batteries before .
my always do and it flosses my dogs teeth .
the grinder simply could not grind the soft barley .
in this game you never use the mouse .
but still usually have some loafes out on top .
this purchase was a gift for a friend .
the three level settings are of great help .
for the money this is a good toaster .
it 's particularly hard to do on small cans .
highly recommend to anyone who prefers the corded headset .
i returned it and got my $ back .
i generally remove the spoons from the connector immediately .
this is not recommended for much of anything .
but overall i would recommend this product to anyone .
easy to place on phone and have no problems .
senseo rates the coffee as between mild and med .
the call quality rivals any phone i 've used .
you do n't miss health until you lose it .
and it 's excellent for all sorts of things .
this is a wonderful piece of canning equipment .
waste of money as cards are boringly repetitive .
the sizing is seriously off on this item .
it does work with a hp f4200 ink jet .
i am afraid the plastic handle will break easier .
the headset is comfortable to wear for long periods .
i would certainly not recommend this product to anyone .
then we traded places and repeated the testing .
these will end up in the donation bin .
or a street out of the way of traffic .
i much rather prefer the stevia packets instead .
will stay with my bamboo from pampered chef ! .
now i use fresh garlic all the time .
some sort of heavier lid material would be nice .
shame on you nintendo , you should know better .
they are pretty and work really well too .
i 've replaced every other device with other brands .
the redness remained for a day or so .
i ca n't get the oil out of them .
thank you america 's test kitchen for recommending it .
you ca n't bet the product or the price .
material was very thin and had no shape .
got these today - a waste of money .
i do n't know what is going on here .
so perhaps this pomegranate beverage was a fluke .
as others have noted , they are samsung branded .
had to get one for my family 's kitchen .
so all you can do is look at them .
all in all this will be a good replacement .
everyone of them gave me a disc error message .
these air poppers have been kicking around for decades .
not worth the quality and hassle for the price .
i had high hopes for this shelf-stable meal .
there 's no kneading paddle where it should be .
pb is 12th down on the list of ingredients .
our electric can opener resides in storage now .
bluetooth set up was amazingly fast and automatic .
it works well with my new queen size bed .
then pop them back in to hide the screw .
i guess you get what you pay for .
i am african american with super oily skin .
if you want one go ahead and buy these .
the instruction book is very hard to understand .
keeps raw chicken gunk away from the ball .
but the ankles are big even tightening the buckle .
i am allergic to both almonds and apricots .
i can really say enough about this phone .
this granpappy fryer is exactly what i needed .
some have noted that the screwdrivers are not magnetized .
this is a very sturdy , well made mixer .
last but not least , the cord tangled horribly .
so i was glad to see this product available .
i guess try another inverter and probably another cobra .
yeast comes has the highest folate and riboflavin 1010mcg/5mg .
use 4 parts water and 1 part sugar .
i just did not want to chance it .
be very careful about the size and fit .
you have to tune the thing by ear .
i am glad they did not cost much .
i am still looking for a better remote .
this one fit the bill and looked pretty good .
this is the best corkscrew we have ever used .
this does require monitoring and a little guess work .
i had read plenty of reviews of wireless headsets .
anything made by all-clad is perfect for cooking .
i would not recommend this mouthguard for athletes/fighters .
the temp measures the temp on your wrist .
it does have a pretty shine to it .
you can leave it permanently connected to the tv2 .
this is an extremely sturdy high quality item .
one for my daughter and one for myself .
meaning this series requires 200 bucks to be completed .
the main speakers are fairly large and heavy .
battery works as expected and ccmaccessories had fast shipping .
the park sticky patches out perform these for me .
i purchased this after buying jawbones for years .
the pepper overpowered the taste of the cashews .
this item came very quickly and in perfect packaging .
thick , colorful fabric and obviously quite good construction .
i bought these for my 1 1/2 year old .
holds up well so far in the dishwasher .
i 'm still chopping things the old fashion way .
it 's also not as thick as you think .
other than that , i would reccomend this product .
they both sound horribly the same.complete waste of money .
slows down to almost nothing in a short time .
the speaker in that hand held cb is awful .
exactly as pictured and described , lids fit well .
i would highly recommend this sweeper to anyone .
i have opted to keep them for back ups .
it is a retirement anniversary gift from my husband .
spend a few bucks more and get something better .
i was impressed with the customer service at first .
now i make half to 3/4 pot at most .
it did not clean my dish washer at all .
especially if you have to keep changing the water .
this seems like a reliable source for these cables .
that makes it hard to adjust volume sometimes .
holds all of my utensils with room for more .
the price should have been a tip off .
have it for a month now and going strong .
until then , i thought the unit was defective .
more like 3 1/2 ! i was very disappointed .
the gameplay was still in the spirit of grandia .
order was received before the estimated ship date .
a home router usually lasts me about 2-3 years .
easy to put on and i have no problems .
really like the yellow color and textured feel .
this one is not at all like that .
the chocolate chip recipe has made me a legend .
of course , then the glare control may dissipate .
will be returning the other one in target .
i think it is just an expensive gimmick .
i like the shine it gives your nails .
i 've worn them both with and without socks .
her old one held up better after 3 months .
i have the baby pink one as well .
i wo n't be buying any more of this .
they were my favorites of the entire pack.cinnabon almonds .
this unit was intended to handle the large room .
it then looks like one more substantial receptacle .
opened up and it was just how it looks .
why not normal plastic ? this is just baffling .
i doubt this case will hold up very long .
i ground cinnamon sticks into a medium fine powder .
do expect shipping to take some time on these .
i used to use a small microplane brand plane .
the panties are a very hard string thong .
you 'll need the hotterbreville ew30xl electric gourmet wok .
my low rating is for this version only .
it just seems like fancy spray bottle of soap .
it does play ok over the internet though .
this cover did not fit my verizon iphone .
i ungraded my video card to a geforce gtx470 .
so i thought this coffee would fill the bill .
we used to have the flat microwave bacon cooker .
i picks up the lid and holds it well .
my girls were squished in this beautifully made bra .
there is no charging capabilities with this stand .
people have had a hard time hearing me clearly .
well it worked great on onions and celery .
a great little pan for sauces and gravies .
it worked ok on my face and my legs .
i love the idea people wanting to help others .
so we sent it back and got a replacement .
tp1 and tp3 are very similar in appearance .
i just bought this and have used it continuously .
we ended up returning them and getting a refund .
great quality press screen and well finished carafe .
perfect for new iphone5 in pocket or purse .
i love the regular version of this soup .
these are made very well but not that well .
there is no discernible dairy or chocolate flavor .
perhaps it may help someone w/a slightly high count .
they go in the top rack of my dishwasher .
it makes good popcorn and almost every kernel pops .
nordic ware has come up with a winner .
i would not purchase if you have sensitive skin .
there are none available from the startech website .
provides good protection and looks nice on the phone .
i can finally get close to uniform slices .
the sensor would not connect with the controllers .
if you have to return , it is expensive .
this model is repairable and parts are readily available .
also the paint on these is soluble in ethanol .
i love that this thing is stainless steel .
i am an avid coffee and espresso drinker .
i already owned 3 portable music playing units .
i will be calphalon for life after this pan .
you wo n't be a happy camper for long .
it fits a 12 year old girl at most .
great little cutting board i gave as a gift .
these are reasonable.speaker wire can be completely hidden .
dust gets in and water could get in too .
phone call ? on hold - finally hung up .
looks like i wasted my money on this .
and with super saver shipping - great buy ! .
i purchased this blade to use butchering wild game .
so the case looks dirty after a while .
none of the pet brushes has worked for me .
the worst part was that the game play crawled .
voice-activated dialing really works , even in noisy environment.5 .
good addition to the purchase of small memory products .
this product kept my hair looking great all day .
i have owned nokia phones my whole life .
we have a lot of crystal decanters and glassware .
i would recommend this vacuum to anyone without hesitation .
the life on this battery is just amazing .
tonal quality is pretty good , if not exceptional .
they do n't stick out far from the wall .
fresh fish will actually stay in the fridg .
tried to heat up a plate of food .
the ease of clean up is amazing as well .
he uses it every day and loves it .
i love clip and belt loop action going on .
i will never buy a valve product ever again .
really adds to the experience of craft beer ! .
have tried it numerous locations with the same result .
last a really long time and cleans up nicely .
these glasses , are in fact made in china .
these bars were a disappointment all the way around .
it 's not loud and the coffee taste great .
i used this regularly for tea and french-pressed coffee .
i 'm totally happy with this little frying pan .
these things are very heavy and high quality .
the phone 's moisture indicator did not change color .
sorry i thought i could use an economical dryer .
this did not work for them at all .
i actually discovered how great these inexpensive conditioners were .
these have a freshness date of dec 2018 .
also , my other headsets are jabra and plantronics .
lab mix , and unfortunately this was no different .
the fliter in the lid is n't the greatest .
colors would be nice to make the girls happier .
get on board cause joyce is way cool .
my daughter was pining for this really badly .
but the taste and smell is pure melon .
most of the ones i found were really ugly .
the bottom line is that this is just useless .
i could not get through full days of work .
i hate it when they send a similar item .
this little blockbuster just keeps on a crankin .
perhaps someone with long hair would like it more .
even then , it only works at close range .
great addiction to the rest of the stuff .
that 's the only reason i ordered this stamper .
this thing breaks at the drop of a hat .
avoid at all costs , you have been warned .
this is a great product for holding your knives .
the two outlets on the side are very convenient .
here is why this is not for me:1 .
i bought the abf-50.i have 2 main issues:1 .
what you pay for is literally 50 oz .
i found this to be an accurate statement .
tiffen = trash.i would rate it 0/5 if allowed.-mike .
arrived in a generic ziplock baggie without any instructions .
then one of the ears snagged and ripped off .
this grinder produced an inconsistent grind and was noisy .
after workouts , i am drenched head to toe .
just connect phone to wifi and good to go .
myself , i would almost rather just be hot .
the color is too white looking on me .
also there is plenty of storage room underneath .
then grab it on your way out the door .
the voice acting is terrible and really annoying .
i ended up missing more than i was hitting .
this slip cover is really thin and really light .
so far the extra battery time has been great .
came quick usps in envelope and each boxed .
the ai is absurd to say the least .
cheap and good enough protection from my sisters phone .
nicely made , nice wood and works as expected .
i guess you get what you paid for ! .
these cut off the circulation to your fingers .
but it really is too hard to use .
securom can interfere with the proper operation of software.5 .
also was a bit on the bulky side .
it holds my ipod classic or my iphone tightly .
these batteries will not charge in the samsung fascinate .
yarrow worked better on slowing/stopping menopausal menstrual bleeding .
as the reviews say there is a design flaw .
all of which have been left out here .
we bought a microwave/convection oven at the same time .
years of buildup led to me finally canning again .
feels like playing tribes , only not as fun .
never got it to run on my computer .
i connect it and get on with my studying .
i really ca n't recommend this to a novice .
it has not burned the popcorn even once .
its a good toy but he never used it .
spend more and go with the merkury brand .
i brought this based on all the other reviews .
the thing will not stay on the head .
it came in time and was nicely packaged .
they do not seem like they will rust either .
customer service was great and refunded my money immediately .
this is a very nice headset for me .
i would never support home again in the future .
which is a plus ! the battery is descent .
very easy to use and heats up extremely fast .
you can find better even for the same price .
it was a complete and utter waste of money .
said insane jester has a very evil agenda .
was hyped to be one great horror shooter .
no one notice i was on my cell .
one hundred and five dollars including free shipping .
every single feature is buggy and work inconsistently .
i am in love with this coffee pot .
they were smaller than some of his newborn clothes .
all of these filtered water containers have been great .
the white color looks good sticking on the fridge .
i am using this today to make stew .
the blade is not aligned properly with the handle .
since then i permanently attached the small black disk .
the coating is extra slick and thicker than most .
this is my second cuisinart coffee maker unit .
only question is longevity and that will take time .
last night i roasted a whole red snapper .
it has all the features i am looking for .
i can only really complain about one thing .
inexpensive and fast shipping at a resonable price .
they only difference was the part number extension .
i put my small vornado fan on low .
they 're easy to clean and seem very sturdy .
i ca n't wear it because it run small .
it was pretty sharp out of the box .
iogear technical support seems to be non existant .
fits comfortable in pockets and grip is secure .
since it is plastic , it is broken now .
perhaps this granola would be better suited for baking .
do not buy or even rent this game .
otherwise you ca n't transfer it to your computer .
i love the matte finish for the iphone .
they are cute and kids really do like them .
gave it a 4 because i didnt love it .
i 'm so glad i bought this accessory lens .
spend more and get some that is purified .
this works great and is so easy to use .
it look cheap and does not fit well .
this unit has really enhanced our family movie nights .
which is usually a major problem with coffee mugs .
hangs on the back of the bedroom door .
at the current msrp this lens is completely overpriced .
these are real good , easy to put on .
no complaints and i would buy this again .
this was the second global knife i ever bought .
it is secure and safe inside this potector .
the silver parts are very cheap looking plastic .
i decided to just order one for him .
the ginger was overpowering and it burned my throat .
i should have returned it but was too lazy .
it 's redeeming quality is that sound is good .
this is a beautiful stainless steel sink holder .
very easy.the arm is perfect for my car .
it was and still is a great cooker .
bought this as a gift for elderly mother .
the design and idea looks and sound great .
i bought this for my outdoor semi-feral cat .
both fans can be set to exhaust or intake .
i ca n't believe how crappily these are made .
the shipping was longer than what i paid for .
the battery lasts over 2 hours of heavy use .
there is a difference from using them and not .
i ate one and threw the rest away .
i guess you get what you pay for .
i have a 55 gallon , the standard kind .
i 've charged this unit from a wall socket .
then i hear people talking about the sound .
this presto timer seemed to be what i needed .
i dont see this router reliable at all .
rip , cut or tear open the plastic envelope.2 .
not too great of a product but looks great .
i keep finding more things to do with this .
my parrotlets do n't really care for this toy .
i am ready to rock and roll this summer .
this waffle iron does not cook waffles evenly .
the wrench and small screw driver are usable .
not much more it 's expected to do really .
i really like it and it works great ! .
very difficult to transform and it broke very easily .
this set replaced a bunch of plastic storage containers .
i received it earlier than expected which is great .
other than that they product is pretty good .
i put it in my bathroom wndow when showering .
i was also disappointed by the term jumbo .
very strong and holds quite a few items .
should have never replaced it to begin with .
i wo n't risk doing business with them again .
i have been very happy with this battery .
i was pleased with the results every time .
the pan is wonderful and worth the money .
the lines remained doubled at all focus adjustments .
a little product does not go a long way .
it took little while to receive them from supplier .
much easier to use and half the price .
mine is the heavier one with smooth handles .
this watch would gain a minute a day .
it cleans up easy in the dish washer .
these were supposedly the ultimate chew toy for cats .
so we were due for some new ones .
my fault for trying to save a few bucks .
i think mattel should keep a positive reputation .
still , wish for better at the same price .
the water does not have any odor to it .
then it worked for 15 minutes before it broke .
/ will update if pizza pan ever craps out .
; p i also have one who hates onions .
adding and removing pages is a huge hassle .
i tried to spin her to no avail .
it will work the same and taste better .
i was disappointed , especially since it was rsvp .
this is doing it 's job just as needed .
a great product that fits snug in my ear .
it is meant to stay on the bike .
reminds me of lemon cleaner in scent , especially .
i 'm waiting for the replacement to come back .
a definite recommendation to get shoes off the floor .
lots of large tips that are hard to find .
these cases are cute and well worth the price .
it paired by itself in about 15 seconds .
this is a basic and great coffee pot .
a close second for me is the incase snap .
it was a huge of waste of money .
an ice chest works much better and is cheaper .
i ordered size 7 toddler for my daughter .
the second time , the help line was busy .
have needed the 1/8 tsp a couple times .
for a work pant this is a disaster .
i think it would be perfect for dorm rooms .
i no longer loathe using apples in recipes .
they wear out and snap in about a month .
this soup base tastes nasty , like burnt flour .
i purchase some of those little freezer jelly containers .
it does seem to be of good quality though .
i looked in the stores before coming to amazon .
it is very easy to use and clean .
one of which was the large hide-a-squirrel toy .
i use these for my ipad2 and iphone .
i can not stand a regular osculating fan now .
this is a fine tool for very light use .
waaaaaaaay worth the $ 8 i paid for these .
a definite slap in the face to all gamers .
it is worth the counter space it takes up .
miserable little thing died after being used twice .
i use it at least 3-4 times per week .
on no setting could i get rid of .
this is just the perfect weight and size .
i am very happy with my stovetop coffee maker .
that one has held up extremely well for years .
we 've had this set for a while now .
i 've reinstalled my old microsoft mn-700 g-network router .
yet who knows each individual is still different .
this one ingredient ruins the product for me .
this brush is exactly what i was looking for .
the inside of the lid rusts nearly instantly .
i recently bought a battery case for occasional use .
i bought this to shred daikon radishes for sashimi .
no complaints from her lips to my ears .
it charges quickly compared to my old car charger .
there is no documented fda proof this works .
then again , he is more of thenesting/wheel type .
do not waste your money on this game .
the camera hole did not line up perfectly .
so far it has passed the one hour test .
it took him 10 min to unravel the body .
fun color and works just fine with my iphone5 .
you will have to figure it out for yourself .
you get 140 calories from one 8.3 ounce can .
this was purchase as auxiliary cable for my bmw .
the cherry licorice i ordered was regular/normal- tasted right .
the product is just what i was looking for .
good quality cable and is htc oem.cant beat it .
not worth even paying to send it back .
the rounded handles make it comfortable and effortless .
when i first got this , it worked great .
i sharpen mostly plain edge tactical and hunting knives .
it is hard to apply films your self .
the same thing happens with carrots and potatoes .
until now.i will sum it up in this .
i have no intention of doing anything that extreme .
it is a great case for an unbelievable price .
but the safey of my phone compensates over everything .
would not hesitate to recommend this awesome charger .
my usual batch is about 2 to 3 pounds .
this liner is easy to use and clean .
for safety reasons , this toy was thrown out .
will not drain of excess fat like some grills .
others are too messy and time consuming to use .
i 've had this stylus for a few months .
the fit is just down right in the toilet .
i think this case is better than my otterbox .
i certainly did not abuse the case whatsoever .
really wish they had been like the old ones .
what an upgrade to from my previous battery .
discounts and promotions are common direct from vm .
this blue ant bluetooth ear bud is horrible .
ca n't wait for summer to have fresh veggies .
it 's much easier to use and more comfortable .
the design is simple and easy to use .
i will not be buying this product any more .
it fits on our toilet but wobbles a lot .
this product did not work well for me .
total so it can make @ 4-8 oz .
it is lightweight and so easy to use .
the rack moves forward when the door is opened .
i have a landmann firepit and log rack .
my male has large claws - thick and dark .
the quality is good , love the hammered look .
my car is a little noisy to be fair .
they do good for making giant cookies also .
please pass this phone by do n't buy it .
loved the first one and love this one .
i do n't know what we did without this .
they have many other items especially designed for backpackers .
seems to work well on various type of equipment .
it felt a little like a teflon coating .
unfortunately the design does not work in operation .
the songs are really bad -- boring and dumb .
i also live in an area of high humidity .
what happened and what was the designer thinking .
i have had a number of braun coffee makers .
for the price though , it is really good .
you will not be disappointed with this tea maker .
worked alright for a while but then stopped syncing .
i like the smaller sliding tray up top .
it is cheaply made and not well made .
i basically figured it out on my own .
you get 3 cups of mix per box .
highly recommend this item for bread machine users ! .
this thing is practically impossible to clean thoroughly .
be sure to use large industrial grade velcro .
this was a cute case i enjoyed it .
the music is as annoying as the game itself .
i 've had this flatware for several years now .
perfect for whatever your needs in the kitchen .
product does what it was designed to do .
there is also a major imbalance in difficulty .
if you get bubbles that is human error .
eating the seeds whole , they just go through .
this gun worked great for the first few shots .
for the price , it is a great product .
obviously some people adore them , which is great .
my review does not reflect the poor packaging .
the best part of this unit is the battery .
so def not something i will b ordering again .
i felt like a dunce so i returned it .
this pole bent the first time i used it .
i would recommend an otterbox to a friend .
producing the most delicious steak i have ever had .
i returned the slippers to amazon for a refund.disappointing .
i had to buy my wife some to .
nwn diamond has 4.5 stars from its customers .
these can be pricey to buy at times .
there is no bacon flavor to the finished product .
not to mention the price is pretty high .
ususally they cost close to twice as much .
i have a dog leash tied around his neck .
it was nice to have while it lasted .
i got it here at amazon for $ 35.00 .
i 'm using this in my 2008 honda civic .
they leak less than these and are free .
yes it is soft but there is no breath-ability .
this negates any value the wireless feature may have .
everything you need to start making some great mozzarella .
they both love the versatility of this pan .
i like the feel of the case as well .
for bigger things i use a chefs knife .
mp3/4 and other popular media formats very well indeed .
save your money and buy the regular style .
i dont believe this cable was made by cisco .
over all a good idea and a good price .
in all these many uses it has never disappointed .
they should use better lubricant at the factory .
i use the roll on and it works quickly .
the product did not live up to my expectations .
thought this would guide her to the center .
i prefer cerave 's face cream in the tubs .
i think this was the biggest waste of money .
the idea is a good one just poorly manufactured .
it does not slip around on the counter .
it didnt really work and was very uncomfortable .
taking the case off will definitly cause damage .
given the price then listed at over $ 130 .
very nice to cook small amounts of veggies .
i had to have it sent in and replaced .
i wish the ridges were a little closer together .
after cleaning- the dirty water looked like chocolate milk .
there are better cameras and better companies out there .
so i looked around until i found this .
i have small hands and really love these gloves .
this discusses the collectors edition of half life 2 .
the band fits really well around my wrist .
my hair used to be soft as silk .
been 2 days now and its no good .
the crayons are actually inside very flimsy plastic cases .
and i always put the cap back on tightly .
i bought this headset to replace my hs820 .
new trent comes to my rescue once more .
it can only fit apple brand or similar chargers .
the links are twisted wrong and pop apart .
use these for crafts with my four yr old .
i bought this based on the reviews of others .
anyway , i just flat out threw them out .
big enough to put on sixteen plus cookies .
it is small , but perfect for 1-2 people .
my kids took turns pulling on the lever .
turn off the heat as soon as done .
i will be contacting the better business bureau immediately .
i was disappointed when i started to use mine .
no ingredients on the box but says its natural..pssh .
the caps fit perfectly and provide a solid seal .
the chrome gives it a classy , sleek look .
i would upgrade my rating to a 3 star .
i guess you get what you pay for ? .
better price than any place we could find .
i finally gave up on all jvc products .
i do not believe these are moisturizing gloves .
and they can even come apart in your mouth .
i did not even use once after some swatches .
was n't even worth the space in my suitcase .
they kept my screen nice and scratch free .
i could barely get the comb through my hair .
this purchase is a 2.00 dollar shipment by usps .
have two and they are of very good quality .
on the plus side , it is very pretty .
no failures whatsoever after 6 monts of purchase .
however fog in this game is under utilized .
i immediately regreted spending hard earned money on it .
mine is not unlocked as i use tmobile .
i been using this for 3 month now .
for what you pay it 's a terrible value .
this is much better than an ordinary steel .
the plum was actually my first fiesta purchase .
my htc incredible lasted usually 1 on average .
apple has a fantastic reputation , and rightfully so .
it sells at a premium , no thanks sony .
there is a propellant as with any aerosol can .
thank heaven there was no shipping charges for this .
corelle is my favorite brand for everyday dishes .
it still has loads of sugar in it .
going to try to bake bread in it next .
a great peeler that is easy to hold .
not as pictured but did get 12 different ones .
these are definitely not in the premium quality category .
i bought this only to make apple sauce .
this stuffseems to make no difference to my nails .
not a good feeling once you take it off .
sometimes i pat where i used to wipe .
i used an oil that burst into flames .
this is the high setting for the pressure cooker .
price is right and is perfect for the job .
this fit the bill perfectly and cooked beautifully .
item that arrived was not the item pictured .
i do n't know if i trust the ingredients .
it had a few but not impressivly gorey .
i could go a full day without charging it .
this thermostat control is very easy to use .
results in a much neater miniature tart for presentation .
the decibel level of this product is unacceptable .
i will toss the scraper and keep the stamper .
lousy build quality and only lasted 3 months .
holds my phone perfectly in landscape or portrait .
i am convinced this food is causing it .
this may be a case of unfortunate defective product .
she tomb raids for too long with little payoff .
the mw600 headset works flawlessly with those equipments .
there is 15 grams of protein in the bar .
have shaq rocked from behind by shawn bradley .
they treat everything like it is a football .
the new ones seem to pull on my skin/hair .
one can not expect the world for this price .
thank you amazon for such great customer service .
if i could give it 0 stars i would .
i have a long-haired chihuahua with long straight hair .
it is so noisy i have to wear earplugs .
remove your pot from the heat at time .
it holds my galaxy s2 skyrocket real well .
not worth getting if you have a strong chewer .
would probably have been good when it was fresh .
this icing smoother makes icing cakes a lot easier .
i needed a cheap case for my mom .
it never flew like it was supposed to .
what will irritate you is how the game feels .
these bags were just what i was looking for .
but what i really found lacking was the boost .
the vintage stanleys were truly built to last .
i really should send this pos back to amazon .
i could never get a perfect hard boiled egg .
we had to use glue dots to place them .
it is now 3 years later - 2013 .
it would be more difficult to clean and store .
this may be my favorite attachment for the kitchenaid .
like any other knife , it will go dull .
when i received it was still , too small .
cut is 2mm bigger than the higher quality ones .
i am not typically a huge blue-tooth fan .
a nice accessory to have in the car .
my favorites are smoked brisket and pulled pork .
these are extra large steak knives and sturdy .
no strength or effort is required at all .
it is very sensitive which makes it quite annoying .
you will not be sorry you got it .
the mfr has an assembly instruction video on youtube .
very pleased with the build quality of the battery .
a lot of the reviews mention dramatic results .
i end up finding it all around the house .
i can not stand the ache in my stomach .
i do not recommend this skirt at all .
the size it 's bigger that the phone accepted .
since then i have searched for anything similar .
go ahead and pick up this reliable jar .
easy to measure and dispense certain types of ingredients .
works well in a quiet to medium environment .
it actually makes me love my phone even more .
no harder to put on phone than another .
my answer to that person is a resounding no .
this motorola elite sliver bluetooth headset is terrific .
no going back to a solid color after that .
the silpat is one of my favorite kitchen tools .
and that 's all it turned out to be .
i was going to refrain from reviewing this connector .
this game is average to slightly hard level .
this unit requires a 1a charge capable usb port .
this was a gift and she loved it .
then the second batch i made- turned out great .
all in all for $ 36 a good deal .
this one was a big flop for our two .
these appear well-made , but are smaller than expected .
my wife and i are happy with this mixer .
this type of brush has always been the worse .
it is also a bear to get into .
it tends to squirt out all around you .
automatically disconnected from the phone without a reason .
first of all- love the zoobles line of toys .
very good for feeding our fishes and corals .
dog hated this one and did n't make it .
and they took up tons of space stacked .
i will not be using this product again .
could never get her to eat even one .
they are an absolute delight to cook with .
this spray does not help us at all .
we have a thermal carafe to hold subsequent servings .
however , i was quite pleased with this purchase .
i will pass the rest on to good friends .
i find the whole thing kind of boring .
finally , it presses the garlic perfectly and easily .
fairly quiet but does n't heat well at all .
there was a very large pimple under my earlobe .
i used it at night , once a day .
i have been using them for 3 months now .
started using this product , my undercarriage got irritated .
also the painting on it was horrible and inconsistent .
controls are easy to use , volume is load .
amazon lists these batteries under rechargeable aa batteries .
i wear shirts like this as undershirts at work .
it came out perfect and was easy to clean .
oh well , might give it to my buddy .
easy to use , every part can be cleaned .
it does make popcorn without just hot air .
the weak link in this system is the operator .
it was destroyed and in the trash by 8:30pm .
do not hesitate to treat yourself to these liners .
the 2nd unit lasted less than 2 months .
the only irritation is getting the bread out .
do n't buy this thing what ever you do .
the design of the device itself is very nice .
i hope this medication helps your pets : ) .
i usually love merrell but this design seems poor .
she opened it , and the 'bones were missing .
if you need help.stay away from processed foods/boxed/canned .
this toaster oven was perfect for a year .
it arrived pre-oiled from the factory , in shrink-wrap .
the bottom part broke a half and folded .
but within less than a year it went bad .
i wish they had one for iphone plug .
you get what you pay for , i guess .
the princess and fairies are quite ugly little figures .
i just started my love affair with essential oils .
i will never buy or recommend this product .
a good buy and i would definitely purchase again .
this is instant coffee granules in a k cup .
i need to order another pair of cans .
fortunately it has grip texture on the sides .
i blame apple for not making standard components .
it barely burned - i barely felt it .
this stuff does not work well at all .
disappointed with the kong brand lately in general .
do n't buy this if you using windows 2003 .
also , the mint is so strong it burned .
these socks are probably for a shoe size 16 .
the little tab broke off of the light .
this press makes a terrific pot of tea .
this may be natural but it doent taste good .
excellent steel and holds its edge very well .
would recommend for others to order for their phone .
what little story that exists is incredibly trite .
these clips are decently solid but quite short .
it 's been over three months and no replacement .
i know this is available on other droid phones .
absolutely everything said about this slicer is true .
these headphones work perfectly with my sg2 phone .
i took the rest of them away from her .
poorly made , i would not buy them again .
i loved the idea of a dual thermometer .
this bowl is identical to the original one .
i have several different shaped cutters that ateco makes .
this is both pretty to look at and useful .
i 've owned this machine for two years now .
it works better if you are closer to it .
bake at 375 degrees for 10 minutes or so .
i found them too tight around the top .
bought this for a charter arms pitbull in 9mm .
i 've purchased expensive pizza stones and inexpensive ones .
this cooker cooks delicious tasting rice all the time .
i bought it for my son 's new apt .
just wipe it down well before putting it away .
i will order another for my other bathroom .
too much of a burn to sooth my throat .
this is too heavy for my oily skin .
it was in perfect condition when it arrived .
purchased used and turn out to be very used .
the belkin worked for 5 days without any problems .
this is my last try with plantronic products .
buying them from amazon.com saved me time and effort .
so much for the rubber armor on the gauge .
yes , the handle on the lid gets hot .
good luck , maybe it will fit you better .
not to mention the glare is almost unbareble .
you get 370 feet for one low price .
i am very happy with this butter keeper .
the modern ones have nearly the same high-iso performance .
i love the ability to be hands-free and wireless .
chondroitin quality rated low by outside lab study .
ok i must mention the drm stuff is crap .
we drove the spike right down to ground level .
it really does work super good , shipping fast .
he has not even made a pretend one .
i bought this to smell nice after i shave .
that will cost you another $ 15 or so .
i ordered 2 and one broke within 2 weeks .
i ordered this along with another oxo wooden spoon .
i even use it to listen to podcasts .
i do have other galco products that are great .
all genuine smartphone chargers make this smartchip noise .
( avoid putting a hot utensil into cold water .
it filters the water at a moderately slow rate .
i also found the shirt a little short .
i am returning and getting the fobus evolution instead .
this cookie maker is a breeze to clean .
the peugeot coffee mill is the perfect solution .
this tape is a silly waste of money .
it does what it supposed to be doing .
it was a replacement for my cell battery .
they are clumsy built and i have replaced them .
great for cell phones and other glass applications .
now i going to throw out all 15 cups .
you can always call the other party back .
any longer and you should be checking your pulse .
but i did n't notice any effect at all .
they did n't have a fancy for it either .
it broke the first time i used it .
it did n't fit properly in my 2013 sonata .
then i unplugged it and watched the signal degrade .
this one was strange and just plain nasty .
would recommend for anyone with the kitchenaid mixer .
over the years i 've had several french presses .
its an amicable enough point and click adventure game .
they are the same model number and look identical .
i can literally pour it from the can .
it took me 45 minutes to kill this guy .
i am sure there are lots of other uses .
i consider myself a fan of tactical espionage .
it 's an immensely more playable game with them .
very easy to put together - easier than ikea .
she loves it and says it works well .
the suction power on this thing is very impressive .
i think the product description is incomplete and misleading .
but my eye was caught by this zyliss product .
they do say never to use distilled water .
i have to keep reaching down and adjusting .
adequately long cord.made in china , hence no reliability .
they also make this horrible screeching noise when turning .
it scuffed the case but the phone was protected .
they are dishwasher safe which makes them even better .
heat and stress can make that even faster .
the combat is classic turn based and well done .
this grinds coffee to any size grind you want .
the pillow was just too firm for my comfort .
but it took so incredibly long to get here .
this saves time , energy and improve sharpening results .
so why not buy 3 for cheaper $ $ .
it got 2 stars because it can actually capture .
i also increased the amount i used slightly .
i purchased to use on magnum style bottles .
all you have to do is change the paper .
every day the top indicator would be red .
i like the fact that the lid seals tightly .
now there are some tips to take seriously .
absolutely the worst test strips i have ever used .
i will never buy a single kitchenaid item again .
i gave my 4 cats these treats one night .
bought it as a birthday gift for the girlfriend .
looks kind of like a vinyl record pattern .
i bought this case because it was very cheap .
so use the one that comes with your phone .
of course this has nothing to do with lodge .
it works well for reductions , like balsamic vinegar .
i like putting my own oil in it .
she loves it especially the black carrying bag .
it does exactly what i want it to do .
it does charge my sansa mp3 player however .
the fighting is equally lack luster and repetitive .
purchase the motorola micro-usb charger also listed on amazon .
perfect fit no bubbles crystal clear easy install .
i found this with all four that i purchased .
only reason it got 2stars for quality of build .
the same thing happened to my brother 's screen .
kind of sucky if you think about it .
it will provide some protection from scratches and falls .
i bought this vacuum at wal-mart for $ 139.99 .
another nice feature is the windows button lockout switch .
it is regularly used to chaptalize wine in fact .
i 've broken several garlic presses in the past .
it never lived up to its own hype .
your full tablet screen is viewable and unobstructed .
it is easy to carry with the shoulder strap .
it does give it a 'quick dry ' layer .
in comparison , the kong toys are mighty strong .
has eliminated an adapter for many of my tools .
the handle is thin and feels a little awkward .
band stays on arm and does not slip down .
it was everything i had been looking for .
this will give you a much sturdier pan hangar .
i find i use these before my all-clad .
not as flexible as i thought it would be .
it has more of a menthol burning feeling .
do n't blind you like the motorola car charger .
so not impressed with this eye makeup remover .
you can replace sour cream with plain yogurt .
the vac no longer sucks water after dispensing it .
i have absolutely no glucose reaction to this product .
i 've had mine just one year this month .
this hat was not quite what i expected .
however , the beeper is a little to loud .
please do n't waste your money and look elsewhere .
this pillow embraces you like a mother 's arms .
when i purchased this i read the reviews .
once i figured that out it was fantastic .
please save yourself and the seller the embarrassment .
i recently sold it at a yard sale .
the charcoal filter can be replaced as needed .
then you try to line up the screws .
even my boyfriend commented that my hair smelt good .
i felt totally tricked by purchasing this product .
watch out , this dessert has trans-fat in it .
it gives the die a real chintzy feel .
we can have several open at a time .
i get a lot of compliments on it .
it makes the most difficult baking exercise effortless .
terrible smell , like tea tree and oranges zest .
i have reviewed three different flavors of switch .
it does everything that we canted it to do .
made in france.i hope this was helpful to you .
but then when i bought it it stunk .
so finally replacing this knife to my set .
it is a nice size for serving meat .
its quick and easy to use as well .
smartly , it plugs right into your iphone charger .
each person told me to return this jawbone immediately .
i tested all corners and the entire screen .
even lower still when the npc 's are unstable .
there 's no map and no sense of directions .
you will need hvf91 replacement filter for that .
i love all my new ateco wooden handled spatulas .
bags from the other 3 cartons similarly failed .
no more messing around with the headset whilst driving .
the camera flash is the only definite problem .
the bad thing is that it does not work .
they are also more comfortable than the stock phones .
i believe a table should have a solid top .
speech seems to be very clear through the headset .
i 'll admit that this game is surprisingly deep .
wore them once and did n't feel the warmth .
very synthetic tasting with a strong bitter aftertaste .
great concept but finger holes seriosly too small .
i bought this expecting a rubberized non slip case .
love the long cord for the i phone .
that was the only caveat to the whole thing .
they have outlasted most of my kitchenaid ones .
they peeled right off , no goo gone necessary .
and it can go right in the dishwasher .
the tea did something wonky to my taste buds .
same result when i try it on myself .
the chef 's choice met these conditions and more .
there is a reason for the low price .
i used this on my 05 electra glide .
the microphone on this also works very well 10/10 .
it has so far been a great purchase .
well i ordered this hoping it would work .
it was very frustrating so i to return it .
it is heavy duty and should filter out well .
yet another amazon product headed to the landfill .
i avoided application headaches by having store staff install .
the cap seals off well and no leaking .
the material of the mugs washes easily andquickly .
i was n't even able to finish the game .
this pickup grabber is a piece of crap .
wow this is a truly amazing salad spinner .
and this is not that game at all .
i am almost glad my old knife disappeared .
should have 'artificially sweetened ' on the label somewhere .
i think anyone would be pleased with this model .
i am using a new 12 cup mr .
bought something else at a retail store instead .
my wife had one of these years ago .
too expensive to keep when it hardly works .
they come out of the filter with use .
everything is the same as in the computer game .
the feather comes udone from the line too soon .
the price on this one is absolutely nuts .
my only regret is not buying it sooner .
so the swiping feel of the realook is fine .
one even tried to eat a chewed off piece .
just be careful and i see no problems .
hhowever , it scratches easily and is too expensive .
this is the best whisk i 've ever owned .
i expect more from a screen guard than this .
you slide it down the side of plastic covers .
this fan was just what i was looking for .
this driver will not work with a 64-bit system .
i was just working and forgot i had them .
it is perfect for my nexus 4 cell phone .
it is worth every penny i paid for it .
next time , off to the pet store instead .
this game probably never went through quality control .
the purchaser is supposed to add his own meat .
without mp3 playback , this is a very attractive .
i attached this to my cabinet above the sink .
i get many compliments as if i spent hours .
this product has an extremely flimsy spring mechanism inside .
nothing about the rings or packaging notate oster .
yes , this item is convenient at measuring liquids .
i consume after any meal since it helps digestion .
this is not the case with this product .
get this great mug for 1/2 this price elsewhere .
looks ok on other cakes , not that noticable .
purchased 6 of these for decoration & to collect .
this can opener was everything i was looking for .
i found this to be a waste of money .
these were a necessary purchase and a great buy .
we should have heeded warnings from other reviewers .
anyone looking for those wordings should avoid water,2 .
if a recipe calls for a pinch of something .
slippery too ! not at all what i expected .
better than the one that came with my phone .
in other words , it was not user error .
some people love this cup and others hate it .
i wonder if the manufacturing process has been compromised .
maybe will try a different flavor next time .
i use it at least once a week .
now the battery life is tolerable thanks to this .
i note that others have metioned the same thing .
it came with one little person - the driver .
like others i 'm having problems with the drivers .
this makes for some cold days on the mountain .
not because of the quality of the item .
the charging dock is virtually useless to me now .
its pretty much just a useless black donut .
never sharpened our last one in 10 years .
thought it was new but it probably was not .
plus the 975 is 60.00 more than the pro .
i tried all the different cords i had .
this is my favorite especially for at home use .
i purchased this for my full size toaster oven .
felt it could be a little more sturdy .
this is a great fast charger by motorola .
i wish i 'd spent the money long ago .
i believe i have every piece they make .
so yeah , i overpaid in my humble opinion .
the coating does not last - extremely poor durability .
do n't forget to unclip it from your clothes .
i loved the idea of truth be told .
makes a man smell like a little old lady .
that is supposed to last longer than average strings .
it should not cost an arm and a leg .
do n't hesitate to try this great little gem .
except that bg was a far greater game .
not enough reasons to upgrade for 800i owners .
the stickers come off and there are no extras .
it is easy to use and to store .
i use it to cool my cookies on .
this popcorn popper is so easy to use .
the phone fits snugly and touch controls work well .
this is the second order for these trays .
i owned this camera for less than 5 hours .
the product comes exactly as it is pictured .
my wife received more compliments for this odd case .
i not even going to go into details .
the original lid rusted while in the bathroom .
i like the little light on the end .
you cant use the word quality for this iitem .
i had the teakettle was over a year now .
ultimately i returned it because of the following issues:1 .
it also makes the phone easy to hold .
perhaps because the screen is a pentile display .
one is low and the other is high .
when the foundation was wet , it seemed fine .
turn off machine and dirty water leaked all over .
silicone is like old brick cell phones vs .
it is truly odor free , which is nice .
either borrow it from a friend or rent it .
i purchased these speakers to go with several devices .
spectrum light canola mayo is an eggless mayonnaise substitute .
it worked as advertised and i was happy .
i bought this unit after having a mr .
baked goods are the most difficult to figure out .
i 've owned this thermometer for 2.5 years now .
the new 9000 series of littermaids are garbage .
for the price i ca n't be too disappointed .
the new trent icruiser imp1000 is a quality product .
the crock is wonderful with a deep red color .
i read reviews and decided on this salad shooter .
but tony hawk ( well so time ago i.e .
the design staff at oxo really have it together .
my carpets always feel so clean with this vacuum .
excellent product and great service from the company ! .
will put it together when i use it next .
i 'm not a fish sauce gourmet or anything .
this is a fantastic set of essential kitchen tools .
sharpens up easily with a diamond sharpening rod .
i use this a lot to cut homemade bread .
i got through master mode without any trouble .
these are great and last a really long time .
i did n't see any benefit to this product .
the 7 year old is starting baseball this year .
the design and color goes with any decor .
it 's difficult to live in a disposable world .
it is really helpful in my small kitchen .
i bought this pastry blender for two main reasons:1 .
ours did n't make it 2 weeks without breaking .
i am the palm specialist for a large hospital .
the headset fits very comfortably on my ear .
i received a different pant from the one pictured .
that was half the thrill of the other one .
they lose reception constantly when you are outside .
he was not impressed and neither was i .
and it gets hot enough for crispy waffles .
this device works great and is simple to use .
turns out , the toy is made in china .
we bought two complementary colors for our kitchen .
they work with any vacuum seal type machine .
but he would also love a flying paperback book .
let me tell you , it was freaking awesome .
this is the only way to workaround that issue .
one tea bag makes 8 cups at once .
i do not recommend this for a giant breed .
the case opens up into 2 hinged halves .
it just strikes me as a bit goofy .
protected it with pvc and it does great .
did not do any better than plain water .
the amount of ice required is not excessive .
the carton said good till march 18 , 2015 .
everything is very easy to use and clean .
you do have to use a paper filter .
i am looking for an alternative to this .
this one feels heavy duty and actually works ! .
perfect for pounding chicken breasts and other meats .
i highly recommend having a fully charged back-up battery .
i had *perfect* movie popcorn in about 3-4 minutes .
or just a mashed slug.then there 's the taste .
it arrived the next day with regular prime shipping .
it is very powerful in such a small unit .
ours turned out to have a defective lid .
i tried everything short of breaking the thing open .
i use an iphone 5 with the stand .
i was so pleased to find at amazon .
they look about average.caddis waders are made offshore .
it 's a pleasure to use really sharp knives .
the player does seem to play dvds adequately enough .
i had used a cuisinart 6-quart steamer from 2003-2012 .
i can tell absolutely no differance in hunger .
making pancakes on the weekend and loving it .
i like the physical feel of a qwerty keyboard .
still waiting to get the filter for this pot .
this is so inexpensive that i order two ! .
my recommendation would be to find another product .
we use it for paninis n chickn grillin .
this is my third spray type bark collar .
i like the majority of green tea i drink .
best thing i brought for my cellphone / tablet .
she had been asking for a magic set .
these flops were much smaller than typical shoes .
more difficult , but way safer in my opinion .
he would rather chew up the plastic down spout .
an elegant device that blurs the line between .
oh well i guess i 'll try something else .
i have just ordered another one for the office .
pratically every day use from heavy to light cooking .
this product does not work well at all .
not much to do with this little workbench .
the norelco $ 40 shaver is a better deal .
it makes fabulous popcorn if you use white popcorn .
enough time to get home and charge it .
i love garlic but hate to chop it up .
the spray mechanics also seems to be different .
i replaced the battery and it seems to work .
so save yourself $ 400 and get a hooverwindtunnel .
the build quality on this lense is cheap .
there is simply nothing wrong with this pot rack .
my cats are n't too fond of this toy .
my friend reports the same problems with his .
really like the deep bowls on them , too .
the only problem is that the handles are terrible .
every baker needs a set of measuring spoons .
i was really excited when i received this item .
the design of this game is really cute .
then i noticed the wet spot in the basement .
stay away from this unfinished game there are better .
do careful and detailed research before taking zinc .
screw holes are scooped out for nice level surface .
but my french style rolling pin works quite well .
springer spaniel mix is a brutally aggressive chewer .
i did n't know they would be so noisy .
i do tend to have sensitive skin/hair/everything though .
my teenage son said it smells as laundry detergent .
none of my original canisters hold their seal .
these are strong and hold bags closed tight .
overall the headphones were comfortable and felt very solid .
just not a good choice for our small dogs .
this is a nice wireless headset w one caveat .
they servce the purpose they are intended for perfectly .
it works fine without installing the water filter .
this product fits perfectly into my convection oven .
i love this bumper case for my iphone 4s .
they seal tightly and look nice on the shelf .
i had this charger for over two years .
but without that , speaker bottom will scratch easily .
this is such a great and quality product .
i would say these are not worth the price .
the capacity is not working for 2 iphone charging .
we own 4 of this bottles and love them .
just got this in and it is totally cheap .
it made the house stink like onion soup mix .
we would never drink anything this cloyingly sweet .
i wound up ordering an electric can opener .
everyone had a great time and it worked perfectly .
nice stylus to have with you on the go .
fits in a regular kitchen drawer for storage .
aquarium light go on and off each day .
at first it looks like a good idea .
this is a nice case which fits perfectly .
it is not meant for high resolution capture .
it works just for what i wanted it for .
i purchased this product after reading the positive reviews .
i 'm back here buying another food grinder attachment .
so it was 5 bucks down the tubes .
but this is an evo review.this phone is fast .
the length was right and the thickness was fantastic .
it 's easy to clean and easy to use .
my shih tzu mix naturally has very soft fur .
the design of it is flawless and all .
it 's a beautiful product and worth the money .
is this sid meiers work ? coulda fooled me .
my husband uses these regularly on our wine bottles .
also , the one i got was not black .
i ordered this for my 8-month old kitten .
they ride very low and the h-fly is useless .
they last for months of every day use .
it offers few additional features if at all .
west bend is the egg cooker for me ! .
we both agree that cotton beats synthetic every time .
all quality products , very reasonably priced through amazon .
it has a very good grip and fits nicely .
he would n't have anything to do with it .
not one single hole lined up with anything .
there is no way i would use this product .
the wife purchased this and just loves it .
the story does not deserve the title of bond .
fits my iphone 4 comfortly tho not exactly tight .
sometime more mean lease bad purchase on this item .
i am sorry , not happy with this .
i 've done a little gardening in the past .
this thing couldnt handle being on an airsoft gun .
this pressure cooker arrived about 30 minutes ago .
easy access to the rest of the buttons .
no harder to use than regular manual openers .
mine came with peppercorns already in the mill .
and i am sure they will last virtually forever .
look solid , high quality and are more beautiful .
it did not fade at all with this product .
it also has a laser pointer on it .
i recommend that you package in an air-tight container .
i have a drawer full of potato peelers .
not for the price i paid at least .
for me her games are now suspect with bugs .
but you 'll have to excuse me i guess .
this is the real sticking point for me .
the detail is horrible and it feels so flimsy .
the case is soft to the touch and durable .
the cooking hear within is so evenly distributed .
on weekends i leave it on all day long .
she loves it and it holds up great .
it does not go up very high either .
i am not quite happy with the price .
it arrived quickly and was used the next day .
keep setting watch & it returns to another time/date .
not sure if i am going to keep it .
but i found that with any other charger .
some of his escapes from various traps etc .
this product does not fit any motorola phone .
it cuts your butter into slices so easily .
what a waste of my time and money .
the size is great and very easy to clean .
this cable works great on my samsung galaxy s2 .
chicken cooks up with a nice crunchy crisp skin .
it 's a great little tripod for the money .
lodge makes a very heavy duty good quality pan .
i'am still looking for something besides a cpap machine .
everquest has hundreds of players to interact with .
this is better but only works half the time .
some reviewers have had a problem with side splitting .
all you have to do is use it properly .
i might just take him up on that advice .
all these different epochs you can play in .
i user do have a crappy net10 phone .
the blades are not pulling any extra air in .
i have yet to call the wrong person .
he was not overly excited to eat this food .
orville redenbacher seems to give the fewest unpopped kernels .
there 's only 3 screws you have to install .
i wear it to the mall and to church .
my first disappointment was with the memory foam .
fgreat its the table well and easy care .
absolutely frustrating.many people said to use manual mode .
and it really is huge and horribly stinky .
i have nothing bad to say about this skillet .
you 're better off getting optimum nutrition flavorless creatine .
i see more pieces coming in my future ! .
you can super easy make essence of orange peel .
final fantasy tactics is annoying , frustrating and unrewarding .
i am not a fan of dr wiel bars .
i want to look nice , neat and casual .
use it a couple of times a week .
this thing should be sold at the dollar tree .
it is very greasy and it does not absorb .
you can get a 12-pack for under ninety dollars .
there are numerous fabric strands all over the robe .
for the money it was worth a try .
i enjoy hot tea several time a day .
might be good for hunting hampsters from 5 feet .
bubbles as per direction and wiped it clean with .
it is cheap looking and it is bulky .
also very light and the earloop is great .
the spry mints are somewhere in between the two .
we bought a gateway ar230 a year ago .
i have had this grinder for 11 months .
my cat was not very interested in this gadget .
it is not that big and stores away easily .
it is quieter than my hoover vac by far .
this is a very nice mini ironing board .
i love the nonstick surface and the metal insert .
not worth the money , its a complete waste .
i use it 50 to 100 times a year .
there 's some grass with mist floating over it .
it protects the back of the phone from scratches .
i think that is pretty typical for these though .
hope they make it in a smaller size .
this grill is exactly what i wanted and needed .
not one single bit of suet has been consumed .
worth every penny & i 'd recommend buy 2 .
sadly , it made my eyes dry and itchy .
both of these features make this so convenient .
i would not recommend that anyone purchase this .
it 's so nice to not be corded down .
at this point it is usable but not reliable .
fixed the problem with a sram power link .
this past weekend i needed to do maint .
this pan has a nice weight to it .
it is something that everybody should have one .
the package comes with front and back glass protectors .
i paid more on sale in a department store .
i will continue to treasure my old farberware .
not at all what i was looking for .
then i rinsed that out and dried it .
it is great for searing burgers and steaks .
no problems with them.would recommend them to anyone .
i do n't think i was using it correctly .
i thought there was just no such thing .
if you want to try it just rent it .
i returned it and replaced it with an m100 .
hard to screw the attachments in the back3 .
i currently use skinceuticals retinol 1.0 refining night cream .
made by mirro.not what i was looking for .
product not the same as pictured on the box .
it made my cheeks feel dried out and rough .
it 's silicone and it covers your phone well .
i bought this product a local gun/outdoor store .
you may as well just use your measuring spoons .
i replaced the chord and it works well again .
you will be surprised how light theses stairs are .
you can adjust the volume on the dock itself .
most of my lawn gear is gas powered .
i use my remote for time lapse photography .
you 'll need it to clearcut your axillary forest .
i 've had no real problems with this pot .
i used to really like this creamy body lotion .
have 3 in different parts of the house .
connect a button switch to the two wires .
the design is pretty and i got it cheap .
an easy way to extend your battery life .
the porcelain-enamel surface makes it very easy to clean .
the quality of the product is very poor .
you really feel like you 're there in vietnam .
generally people have many mice to contend with .
this item is a replacement for the canon cb-2ls .
i totally believe in open architecture for electronic devices .
you ca n't beat this price for these rolls .
then it was running on windowed mode only .
i was so disappointed by this brush set .
an uninspired journey into boredom.the combat system is .
they also were not as clear as others .
i believe there is a problem with the labelling .
the graphics remained washed out and just utterly disgusting .
this is a really nice little bluetooth ear bud .
they are great for bare floors and throw rugs .
some quit the first time i tried using them .
but they are n't the ones that needed it .
i use these for both iphones and ipads .
this screen is awesome and perfect for my torch .
i was confused and wasted my money on this .
came out great and i tipped himcouple of box .
i even waited 30 minutes before applying makeup .
only gave one star because they look so good .
have had continual liquid diarrhea now for 8 days .
this is not a case that provides ultimate protection .
something like liquid plastic flavor with slight fermentation .
it is very sturdy and washed up very quickly .
i believe cutting board should be replaced every year .
it protruded out slightly on the right side .
you ca n't beat the quality or the price .
the package does n't contain software for windows 2000 .
i like softer corn rather than crunchy corn .
the vibrating thing is a total sham , folks .
certainly longer than this case of pinot noir .
i imagine that would not have been as affordable .
i ordered another one for a spare right away .
the over the ear holder is just plain ineffective .
the light was satisfactory and reliable before then .
it also makes regular supermarket brand rice taste great .
i e-mailed customer service and received no response .
they seem to be pretty good at making money .
it is actually more difficult to charge your phone .
my swingcase tool box makes far more noise .
never received the screen protectors or the cleaning cloth .
i always research products and read reviews on them .
it fits perfectly with every one of them .
the thermometer is extremely slow in registering temperature .
the cable works great and makes everything look amazing .
i do not put it in the dish washer .
i returned it to norelco for a refund .
it would be a plus in many kitchens .
this is a very practical case for the ifony .
i 'm disappointed with the quality of these socks .
i recommend buying the 5-quart and 6-quart sizes too .
this is not the same as ativa dandelion tea .
the price was very reasonable and it looked attractive .
needs a better product with which to work .
the head mask is very uncomfortable and tight .
the analog tuner tends to drift over time .
i no longer buy philips.i also avoid thompson-rca .
i have been using one for over 10 years .
like the clear acrylic to see the soap level .
all the equipment is plastic which is soooo stupid .
i followed the video instructions to the letter .
by far the best protector i have had .
had the same results too , not good ones .
just like holding the home button on an iphone .
the only problem is the plastic knob on top .
there really is n't anything good in this game .
it might make it uncomfortable to wear inside boots .
perfect condition and works perfect to charge my iphone .
i would buy another any time i needed one .
it was a basic chocolate chip cookie dough recipe .
i bought this one for my motorola razr .
bought these as i like the riedel name .
this is my third attempt at a thermal carafe .
i will not be ordering from target again .
they arrived on time and have worked fine .
it was very cheap and is very cheap .
inexpensive and seems to be of good quality .
this is a great little addition to my kitchen .
i guess you get what you pay for .
i tried the maxi-hair vitamins based on other reviews .
this is the only one i would never trust .
would not recommend buying it from this buyer .
wish i 'd just bought a more expensive one .
have the friend stay about 10ft away from you .
i 've heard it has alot of nutritional benefits .
this definitely decreased the volume in my headphones .
the reel is nice sized and looks nice .
it turned in an lg optimus for this one .
namely trying to use a blood spot remover .
they are made of silk , modal and cotton .
this fits perfectly in the bottom of the oven .
it took about two hours to do my nails .
i gave such a negative rating for several reasons .
this machine was easy to assemble with little effort .
i have a cord for home and car .
i love this/these pots and the coffee they make .
at first i was miffed , but no more .
the replacement order and customer service was a fiasco .
very unsatisfying to have something ruined so quickly .
thought this was finally the end of the nuisance .
the hoover has worked well and cleaned the carpet .
the salt shaker comes with salt in it .
this machine spews coffee or steam from every orifice .
you do need to clean it up after use .
press 6 and it will cook at 350 degrees .
i recently purchased the 18 piece pyrex set .
we had this toy for a few days .
i used it for 2 weeks and returned it .
the first section is a horribly awkward length .
this covers fits perfectly and is high quality .
so comfortable that i refused to wear anything else .
kitchenaid no longer sells parts for this model .
oh , and surfing the web is a breeze .
nice , thick metal that distributes the heat evenly .
i use this for my homemade almond milk .
i am not talking here about performance issues .
they will bang around and become dull , quickly .
way too much hassle for a camping add on .
very sharp and has a nice , thin blade .
i have three of them and they work great .
cards sit too far down in the box .
i have contacted trendnet support with no response .
he really liked them and wore them a lot .
the bacon cooks quickly and comes out crispy .
the pizza tastes like it did the first day .
it works wonder in both quiet & quick mode .
it has metal re-enforcement in places that matters .
i really expected more from the little people line .
i never could get in to this game .
as a matter of fact i think i will .
i gave what was left to my mom .
was about ready to send my jawbone era back .
phase 10 is a simple contract rummy variant .
tough shell and silicone inside to absorb any impact .
this little coffee pot is simple and efficient .
drain the gnocchi and place on a paper towel .
i hear these stones break all the time .
it has stood up well to routine abuse .
if you cook , you will like this pan .
return to the chambers and go to the trenches .
i am more purchasing from xtremek black opium .
i purchased this cable for my cell phone .
they are square tapering to a round end .
having said that , dome light bulbs worked fine .
it gets noisy when it gets too high .
makes a good cup of espresso for the price .
i was using boneless chicken tenderloins and thighs .
there is n't even a multiplayer mode on it .
the mic has decent sound for a phone call .
its a nice size considering the power it packs .
a simple hob coffee pot makes a better espresso .
the overall look and feel just felt cheap .
that is just the beginning of the story .
people can hear me clearly even in wind .
i like that the ports are all open .
we purchased this to work with our humidifier .
i love having the timer & the oscillation feature .
insulin is the hormone that controls fat storage .
i believe all those 5 star reviews are fake .
this umbrella is surprisingly heavy for its size .
i 've had this player for about six months .
but that is exactly why i like them .
he chews them up and then has digestive problems .
the unit is very sleek and pretty as well .
the company refunded the price of the broken one .
i had a pressure canner many years ago .
i like the color but the price is high .
good to get one to add to your collection .
my 8 month old puppy has really ugly tearstains .
used for keeping kool-aid packets instead of recipes .
i got this for my kids and was disappointed .
they are very sturdy and pretty easy to clean .
i am very pleased with this purchase from amazon .
this was not explicitly stated in the install instructions .
i use this little grill for wax painting .
it has almost no power and awkward to use .
this sculpt makes jazz look fat and dumpy .
the cost to make one is probably 50 cents .
hence , i wanted one with a thermal carafe .
it can be quite irritating for the stomach .
it burned after one use and he exchanged it .
this has far surpassed the other too imho .
everyone needs a handle mitt in their kitchen .
this set seemed like a really great deal .
it started vibrating and shaking while i mowed .
whatever you sprinkle it on , it gets lumpy .
worked flawlessly for all of my htc phones .
i was looking for an inexpensive salad/serving bowl .
this simple style of rolling pin is my favorite .
unfortunately now it leaks from the top rim .
they hold the dough because gluten free is runny .
one tab says 1 , the other says 2 .
does not compare to the quality of the teeter .
i 'll admit i bought this for its looks .
it 's just like putting crisco on my hair .
need to buy one more for guest room ! .
this smells great but it is not the original .
i guarantee this one will not last that long .
i wrote again and asked about the gift card .
this is not the application of protection you need .
it did work at first then it just stopped .
i really like this 3 cup food chopper .
i wanted a longer one and this is shorter .
having a table nearby is key to grilling .
this one is very sturdy and well made .
almost everything is better if you grind it twice .
the game randomly pops up elements and items .
it matches perfectly and the price is great .
i think this is a great kitchen spoon .
much better than squeezing a lime by hand .
tried them again in hot oil and same result .
no one cares enough to really help you out .
but unfortunately they just ensured the death of swg .
the boxes they came in were in good shape .
was looking to replace a broken motorola t505 .
she should n't have been lised with the exhibit .
i like the 8-qt pot from this set .
everything being said about this pan is correct .
he just stands there waiting to be killed .
checking with motorola about warranty , but really disappointing .
i bought more and gave them as gifts .
yes , it works well as a gravy/fat separator .
they hold a lot of cookies and cupcakes .
we returned this because it is simply too bulky .
save your 2 dollars or what ever it cost .
there 's so too many chemicals in this product .
this battery charger has come in so handy .
easy to install and they stay in place .
good thing his teeth did n't make it through .
in terms of space no more than 7 .
i ordered both the m1100 and the 925 plantronics .
it does work well when it stays connected .
the motor runs so smooth and is very powerful .
these screen protectors come with a cloth for that .
sony should not have put their name on these .
no eye adjustment/focus could bring the two images together .
there is probably something better quality out there .
this one is perfect and the material feels great .
i did n't have good results with this product .
no worries about the mechanics breaking at this point .
but visibility is very poor in most situations .
this vacuum seem to have a major overheating problem .
gave it several days but to no avail .
i wet the pad to activate the cleanser .
i bought this after buying 2 majamas easy bras .
i think my dough hook bend out of shape .
i love my coffee from a french press .
used for months and it is still going strong .
details shall be discussed under the gameplay heading .
it did make an exact replica but for me .
it can be pulled around the house with ease .
ten minutes from amazon package to garbage can .
the hole does n't line up for the earbuds .
picks up cat hair just like the old one .
i 'd been using a hand whisker for years .
sometimes you get exactly what you pay for .
it also does not hold a true 3 cups .
you will not find it i promise you .
no kitchen should be without one of these microplanes .
to me they were smaller than i expected .
i should also mention the game is buggy .
i 've used it both hot and cold liquid .
the size and volume were another thing entirely .
this does not work for macbook air , 11.6 .
nice bluetooth set that really holds a charge .
it 's also about time to replace the floor .
sometimes , only a cast iron skillet will do .
i see why the price was so low .
you can buy much more expensive 3 qt .
but took three days ( ordered sunday arrived wednesday.jr .
i think i love the balance most of all .
they really do n't want to be selling these .
what are you waiting for go get one ! .
i was told they 'd get back to me .
spray impossible to keep just to desired body area .
i am set for over a year now .
this thing lasted almost a week before it broke .
this food is junk and i threw it out .
my cutting surfaces are the proper materials & density .
the 3 pack feathers were a bit wimpy .
i no longer lose function when switching users .
even children get bored quickly of the game .
i would n't feed this stuff to my pets .
i feel like i am near a jet engine .
i was surprised by how powerful the motor is .
15 inches is a lot of frying pan .
this is the second one that i have ordered .
i liked the juice i got from this .
i plug it in every night and charge it .
whether you 'll like the scent is another matter .
i have a large 3 box cake pan .
installed easily and made for some great pictures .
i have taken a lot of pre-work outs .
naturally , i looked to amazon.com to find them .
it is a bit of a lint collector .
i will follow up with any new information .
the range of the wpc11 is very very poor .
had i bought this locally i would return it .
the gauge was not accurate and read much higher .
this works really well , and is very sharp .
works well for my use for over a year .
i was making fudge when my thermometer broke .
it did however hold up to the abuse .
but the muliti use of it is great .
sure boils water quick and easy to pour .
the cord storage does n't account for the plug .
the smell started to go away.smelled the adapter .
no more sticking and easy to clean and store .
thanks so very much for an awesome case .
works great with bb bold 9650 ! bb original .
there was nothing like this in super metroid .
i actually like it better than my old opener .
i would not hesitate doing business with them again .
this product turned by light brown roots organish-redish .
the stainless steel option is my 2nd choice .
have n't found a good sulfate free product yet .
it 's not nylon but it feels like it .
the handle is a good size for my hand .
still , for the right use this is perfect .
works well , comfortable to hold and serve with .
the samsungs were much better in all these areas .
the initial release of this router was very unreliable .
which has the same resolution as this camera .
i was disappointed in the magnification of this .
or atleast keep them out of the kitchen.2 .
ball says 65cm but it is only 55cm .
has other uses too , so a good buy .
a very secure way to carry your iphone .
take my advice and apply your money elsewhere .
batteryuniversity is also a great clearinghouse for battery info .
perfect for pans with non-stick coating to avoid scratching .
it seems to be to be a great buy .
dont ' waste your money in such weak product .
ugh , it is definitely not worth the buy .
it fits snugly and works well for salad dressings .
well , i only kept the jambox one day .
a great buy for any phone ok dude .
i think sound quality is better than apple earbuds .
mine has been in use for nearly 10 years .
i have been gluten/casein/soy free for 2 months .
this is a good pan for mini tarts .
sometimes i 'll carry a three-position mat when traveling .
bought the big box to be economical..bad choice .
this little coffee grinder serves my purpose well .
these lids make it look so much nicer .
however , still not quite large enough for me .
bullet time fast gunning action ca n't be beat .
this is a sturdy case and highly recommended .
i 've never cared what temperature my food is .
the girls love to eat them like candy .
i only compare this jawbone to other jawbones .
you can unclog it with a safety pin .
this is much better and easy to clean .
these are a good match for audioengine a5+ speakers .
the active ingredient in blue star is camphor .
this set had everything that i was looking for .
gave a somewhat pink coverage to thin spots .
the hue is more red than it seems .
so i had bad eyelashes and red eyes .
i bought this for my weekend mountain hikes .
i heard it took only one hour to beat .
also depends on what you use your phone for .
i ended up throwing it in the garbage .
good idea but just did n't work for us .
not worth the money i spent on it .
i love this pan , no cooking spray necessary .
recipient is very pleased with quality and convenience .
the bottle is pretty small too for the price .
brought them as an extra for my mixer .
arrived on time..love motorola phones , easy to use .
for the price it is definitely not worth it .
too bad they go so heavy on the fragrance .
the third just has rings at either end .
dealer shiped item quickly & on time delivery .
this is defiantly not for timid or skittish dogs .
i will not be buying this type again .
i add a bit of sugar and creamer .
the whole thing is quite heavy empty actually .
it 's been two weeks -- still sitting there .
i got this item for a trip to peru .
this is the second one i have purchased .
it does exactly what it is designed to do .
now i have to find a new one .
i just will not order this product again .
highly recommended and i would purchase it again .
this is an *extremely* thick cable for rca audio .
i just wish the heat was at least warm .
i returned it with no problem from amazon .
not sure why i paid $ 150 for these .
since buying and using there is a definite difference .
good luck finding one that works for a while .
bought this as a replacement for the broken spinner .
bad purchuse i should have thought it through first .
it is not ideal but fits my needs perfectly .
overall an excellent car mount for htc 3d .
i had a plantronics & the sound was horrible .
leave your jewelry at home and take cheap immitations .
my rice is always perfect and tastes great .
it is not for flipping pancakes or burgers .
it has the feel of a professional 's tool .
just heat as much water as you need .
the cord is extra heavy to resist tangling .
this does not seem like face soap to me .
with my experience it 's been beneficial to me .
product was not well protected and arrived in pieces .
i wish it would have been of better quality .
probably most other people would n't care but ido .
now everything can drip dry into the sink .
lots of sodium , jacked my blood pressure up .
maybe it will be better with another brand phone .
i would never do that without this case .
also its a cheap price for protecting ur phone .
i should have done more research before ordering .
i guess that applies to all the ceramic blades .
of course i had one but come on .
a british voice announced the incoming phone number .
this is a very beautiful , quality pie pan .
i did n't even bother with the g string .
the merchant has not bothered to send a replacement .
lucasarts may as well sell boxes stuffed with crap .
very powerful and you ca n't beat the price .
bought these for my daughter in law for christmas .
it worked for maybe 2 months then died .
but have had several different versions of others .
so i bought an all-stainless steel one from italy .
very nicely made scoop , just watch your size .
i have tried orega nasal spray for two weeks .
this will do till i find something better .
i used it while visiting and really enjoyed it .
the game everyone said would be the best .
gave the whole lot of em to my daughter .
obviously proper storing was not taken with this product .
this jack appears to fit full fledged sterios only .
all it did was make the water taste bitter .
their new products are not made very well .
the taste is okay but a bit bland .
i gave it a 4 because of the size .
i walk 3.5 miles with a friend daily .
completely understandable.nothing to complain about regarding this case .
it 's nice to have a few on hand .
i also felt like the price was very expensive .
not like any type of lubricant at all .
i ordered a 12-pack and received a 6-pack .
these racks are great and perfect for our needs .
the first one was just hot and plain .
like the fact that their is no plastic inside .
it does n't take much space in my suitcase .
all battery 's must be loaded from the front .
you ca n't even create your own team anymore .
i think the product itself has a bad smell .
i should have bought a rod and brush .
it was a few years old and well used .
also i have smaller jars for salsa and dressings .
it is very sturdy and works quite well .
my first time playing any of the half-life games .
i use this two or three times per week .
they perform as expected and work for him .
i really regret wasting my money on this product .
made with a strong plastic and a thick silicone .
coffee is built better.is made for a left-hander .
the price is good and the product delivers .
i realized it was time to write a review .
i buy cheap screen protectors over the internet .
of course it was past the return period .
i have also used them for regular cake batter .
but this looked not bad and it was cheap .
except siri does have issues with or without handsfree .
i have the wii version and is horrible .
there was no way to use it anymore .
be it for a morning cup with the mrs .
this seems better made but time will tell .
you need to bring back your old formula .
once again , another frustrating thing about this product .
i have several recipes posted using this pan .
could not use them for the intented purpose .
i had to learn that the hard way .
i stopped using it after a few weeks .
afterlittle use it started to give me wrist pain .
so they end up a bit out of place .
superman 64 is just one of those games .
the final thing i love is the color .
it is 16.25 inches long by 12.5 inches wide .
this is a great case for the droid incredible .
so far no issues or disconnections with it .
they 're beautiful and shiny and an excellent size .
even then , the shave is not very close .
do n't waste your money on these quick releases .
it 's really really heavy for a small roaster .
the ankle strap also seems to fit rather tight .
maybe we just made our pizza too big .
this one is right there on the bottom .
the level of difficulty should yield an equal reward .
this game has the feel of the playstation one .
they even look great with my tea sets .
fits very nicely on the phone and looks oem .
this is the best frying pan i ever purchase .
i chose culligan because we could buy through amazon .
so for those of us with short-legged pooches .
the graphics are hideous even for the ps1 .
my whole family enjoyed the cake as well .
this filter removes sediment and is easy to use .
the remote worked great until after 3 months .
this little wonder changed all that for me .
if you do this it works perfectly every time .
and do n't bother emailing a question to support .
the description did not provide measurements for these jeans .
they have been a staple in our household .
very solid case-the colors are vibrant and awesome .
these are pyrex cooking dishes first and foremost .
at least twice the use time between charging .
it is expensive , and not worth the time .
it is easy to put up and use .
a great product and addition to my kitchenaid mixer .
these connectors were silver and never fit properly .
much heavier weight and higher quality than i anticipated .
pyrex bowls like these have been around forever .
i bought him an ipod nano and dock instead .
this headset performs very poorly with my iphone 4 .
i owned my first one for about 5 years .
came packaged very well , nothing broken or damaged .
easy to install and seems to work quite well .
you can just kill them however you want anyway .
slice your finger down , and the volume falls .
fits the captivate perfect and love all the colors .
it charges fine so that is my only gripe .
who rarely uses phone due to her being older .
it seems about twice the size it should be .
but they need to be greatly improved upon .
currently it is hooked to a nokia from t-mobile.1 .
i have had it for almost a year now .
i can not recommend this to any one .
nowhere in the pictures or description is plastic mentioned .
maybe we could toss it around and catch it .
i used it once and that 's about it .
i do n't even recall seeing an ingredients list .
i was happy to find these on amazon .
clear , understandable and others could hear me clearly .
i can transfer my phone data to my computer .
when i got it it would not install properly .
huge upgrade for me to a smart phone .
the amount of bad information here is unbelievable .
turned out we needed the 18 inch model .
the balm is crap more like a vaseline stick .
this product just feels unnatural on the skin.5 .
just wipe the plates with a paper towel .
i didnt take the case off and on either .
these cables do not look like the primary picture .
my first use was on some inexpensive pork chops .
the powersupport protectors are the best hands down .
btw , earth therapeutics products are made in china .
i have the top on max to the right .
i read all the reviews and was very excited .
this case is a perfect fit for nokia e72 .
i needed a blade that left hair longer .
jolly-time popcorn is only 2 bucks a bag .
i am sending it back for a refund .
it adds very little bulk to the phone .
i was recommended to these as i have bunions .
it has bluetooth but could not see this device .
it took a while to identify the smell .
they also have a scoop shape for easy use .
they are very well priced and extremely sturdy .
i was so disappointed when i got it .
the voice should be less repetitive and annoying too .
the silver blackberry logo is a nice touch .
and was told they would need tocall me back .
not as aesthetically pleasing as the more dainty cables .
this is my second one of these coffee makers .
these shoes are not good for your knees .
this newest version though is a big disappointment .
we usually finish it at around 390 degrees .
grapes are up next followed by some beef jerky .
this cord did not work right at all .
update - garments not waterproof in the least .
i have the 2-slot version of this toaster .
had absolutely no effect on the hair growth .
i made a previous review with the lapis set .
it holds my regular sponge and a scrub pad .
and i have a lot of carpentry experience .
dishwasher safe and much more sanitary than wood .
super easy to clean too , but not immersible .
i would recommend you save your money on this .
but there are models of curve that do n't .
this is a poor design feature by logitech .
it meets all the qualifications except the video card .
i would have to re-boot to re-establish contact .
it is not made in france or usa .
they are easy to break and i am disappointed .
this fountain was wonderful for a couple of months .
inconvenience of coming home to a dead battery2 .
it can go from the microwave to the table .
it only covers about half of the front screen .
maybe a little longer then like a gulf pencil .
it feels like it is a sturdy build quality .
or let it soak for hours in the sink .
it only lasteda couple of days and croaked .
i tried for 3 weeks and gave up .
the problem is that it went and lost itself .
adjusting for proper brightness/sharpness/hue/contrast is all over the place .
i can use a mouse with my phone .
i do n't know why these were so stale .
charges my ipod and non apple cell phone .
threw it away after using it the first time .
bought this knowing there were some potential issues .
the design is sleek and everything is clearly marked .
it came well packaged without any perceivable damage .
the results of such abuse is surprisingly minor .
i returned my thunderbolt for just this reason .
my little ferret tore it apart in no time .
is that predominantly what other reviewers are using ? .
it will be well worth it in the end .
they were exactly what i was looking for .
great device for family with lots of devices .
i 'm the biggest resident evil saga fan ever .
shrill tinny sound on a 3 second loop .
hope this helps someone not to make a mistake .
i love the features and optics of this camera .
i still feel like playing as the alien .
if there was a negative star this would qualify .
the cleaning cloth helped remove the smudges nicely .
they clean very easily with a soapy sponge .
this are many things to consider when doing this .
my daughter was given this toy as a gift .
and control them on screen with your android devices .
i have 2 of these in my pantry .
it 's quiet and works well on hardwood floors .
this term was new to me and another surprise .
after that you can expect loss in signal quality .
i am confident it will hold up fine .
it is more expensive but has a three-year warranty .
and i 've had several for over 7 years .
when battling enemies you can lock on to them .
forgot to soak dry beans overnight ? no problem .
the edamame is over dried with not much taste .
this is the best kitchen investment i 've made .
control buttons are on the right ear piece .
we have had this sound machine for two years .
this is the next best thing to sliced bread .
this unit is the ultimate case for me .
i think sony should have a good quality standard .
the door also comes off and is dishwasher safe .
i have had it for a few weeks now .
with clip to attach to coat or backpack .
it is just a great all around bluetooth .
they arrived as promised , and look just fine .
as a walker this toy works pretty well .
i have a hate/hate relationship with screen protectors .
i tried it with a sangean wr-11 am/fm radio .
i just hang the hangers on the drying rack .
it does n't have to go to waste though .
i didnt like the mix of these herbs .
but that comes with a price - see above .
does n't sound like a chainsaw in the kitchen .
my 65 year old mother loves this case .
besides shortbread i also use it to make brownies .
studies show ethoxyquin is especially lethal to fish .
greatly reduces spill and overflow in opening cans.4 .
this is perfect for the one cup person .
this time my bottle is in the trash .
once the threadlocker fails , the toothbrush is useless .
i recommend this broiler pan for 2-4 servings .
but i do n't like saying i hate it .
very dumb move on the part of netgear .
there are just no words to describe it .
this pan comes in handy for using it up .
i understand that these are n't a lifetime commitment .
so i went ahead and got the headphones .
tried these instead of the proin from the doc .
basically i have to resort to getting a fence .
amazon did a great job delivering it promptly .
i may have to get the extended battery .
i love this addition to my turquoise fiesta collection .
the darts barely make it across a large room .
for that reason i would not recommend purchasing it .
have one at each computer in the office .
great for the backyard bbq where things are casual .
the grill was hot and cooked my steak well .
you will never see datel input codes like that .
this is the worst lens i 've ever owned .
the old lesson with movies applies here as well .
i keep coming back around to this phone though .
i also just want to close with this .
coffee is awesome and tea coudnt be simpler .
it grinds as fine as i want for espresso .
but it did and she loves this now .
it charges my droid razr but very slowly .
that some b equipnment may not work with it .
and of course it still makes great coffee .
this though is the main problem with this sequel .
i wish i could give this product 0 stars .
it is also missing an angled eyeliner brush .
i got this on the recommendation of a friend .
then i read only the 1 star reviews .
i had not forced it back on tightly enough .
but have always wrapped my knives in my apron .
it 's a great quality set for the price .
i 'd buy something else if i were you .
wish i 'd saved my money on this one .
the consistency just is n't great for everyday use .
there is no menu selection for find free books .
this however is the best i have ever used .
i would definitely buy it again from amazon .
this sponge holder looks good in the sink .
it arrived fast and the service was excellent .
a small amount was picked up in the dyson .
hope i can find someone who does like them .
i was on the system for 8 months .
also , the battery has been a problem too .
this skillet is huge and i love it .
this has been exactly what i was looking for .
i mostly use it to can homemade chicken broth/stock .
def looking into another cleaning patch for handgun .
the charger cradle is nice and seems very sturdy .
the previous versions only had the on/off button there .
i had to take this away from my dog .
it does not work and i used it diligently .
i have had one at home for decades .
we love it and use it all the time .
i bought this one based on the good reviews .
this grinder is a bit easier to clean .
it fits great in my cuisinart convection toaster oven .
the second mission will drive you insane after awhile .
i highly recommend this inexpensive and useful product .
love the bright colors and it easily folds up .
this filter gets stuff out of the air .
there is no reason to diversify your troops .
one side cooks the other side is white .
lo compre para majar frutas y es muy bueno .
that 's the flavor i was hoping for really .
my husband has been through several brands of bluetooths .
however , the quality is nice all things considered .
to me this is meant solely for floors .
everyone needs at least two sets of these .
wilton cake pop sticks are the only choice .
it can be tightened so it does not wiggle .
i owned my first one for 10 years .
i am very happy with my hoover steamvac .
i defnintely could not open it by hand alone .
the two analog sticks are extremely close together .
for this case i will give 5 stars .
i love the service and especially the price .
i chose these sprayers for their chemical resistance .
a happy customer and a happy birthday boy .
use it more than we thought we would .
the pitcher is as pictured and very solid .
not a scratch and the phone works perfect .
i also did n't care much for the fragrance .
bought this case for my brothers iphone 4s .
it could be made differently without effecting use .
it felt like i 'd been wearing those dr .
very different than just a clear screen protector .
the blades are really sharp and stay that way .
after i bought a new one i found it .
this battery should have came standard with the phone .
there really is n't much freedom to wonder around .
i was surprised at how well this knife performed .
just remember to season this pan after use .
once as a teenager and once as an adult .
first off mine came doa out of the box .
in an emergency , that would not be good .
i bought it when i got my htc sensation .
just wish they were easier to put on .
it 's very versatile with different configurations and positions .
these have found their place in my kitchen .
and may get a cheap center from ebay .
its sensitivity reminds me of asa 100 speed film .
i have a standard screen protector on my phone .
just go buy packets and do it yourself .
the wrinkling is slight and right across the center .
a great mixer for all your baking needs .
for the price is it an excellent knife .
delete them immediately when you get this phone .
just enough so it appears that they care .
i love this used it once so far .
there you actually have something to hold onto .
i have had other steamers but they never lasted .
the magnet is super-strong - even hard to remove .
built to last like one my great grandmother had .
i will not continue to purchase this product .
buy kong brand , their rubber seems to last .
i used edmond scientific for mine through amazon .
it is so old that the rubber feet disintegrated .
very accurate without being too unforgiving for an ipod .
do n't buy this unless you like replacing toasters .
no liquor that i could taste like ashton burg .
i am giving it one more shot today .
the steel is only 2mm thick and bends horribly .
i use this when i cook vegetable stir-fry .
my hairdresser gave this to me to try .
now this is what i been searching for .
shipping was a little slower than i anticipated .
reasonably priced and seems to be of decent quality .
not normal ! i awoke with extremely stiff neck.3 .
money is a complete waste in the game .
this is a great phone with an awesome screen .
the whole grand prix ii line is fantastic .
when we returned it would not turn on .
for a few dollars more , go with oxo .
the game itself is also very linear and scripted .
the later , is also great for chopping onions .
it did absolutely nothing for my fine hair .
but , service from amazon was great as always .
everyone i call complains bout static in the background .
you can definitely feel the sunscreen in it .
we gave this item to a charity store .
the blue in the picture matched the real item .
a gentile balance of game and story line .
so , it just depends on your own biology .
the hat is slightly smaller than my head .
but i have to say , i was wrong .
i will not be ordering this product again .
this hoop was clearly made for a giant .
this little cup is awesome around my house .
still just as long as my white apple one .
some may like this , but i do not .
buy a few ounces of coffee and grind it .
upon first receiving this product our cats loved it .
i have no rainbow effect or other issues .
he just loves spending hours playing with them .
this tea ball works great with leaf teas .
otherwise a great product and would still recommend it .
it opens any size can i give it .
bought my second through ebay in 2011 or 2012 .
the color is really nice on the table .
it works well , has a light on it .
but having this finish is great for the tablecloth .
we love it.it makes our porch look great .
i played soul calibur on ps2 and on xbox .
the pacing in this game is abusively frenetic .
i bought 3 of these usb wall outlet chargers .
it will not stop me from using amazon .
i only use fat daddios in my kitchen .
when i first got this , it worked great .
their best feature is the blue led power light .
i never contacted the seller because its just petty .
i really do n't want him on adhd medication .
replace at 6 months or earlier depending on flow .
i just wish i had my $ 30 back .
its not a simple plug and play cable .
where to do rambo where to do use flanking .
i could n't get down a successful pattern though .
i would not suggest wasting your money on this .
stick with the pink lemonade or acai berry .
spend a few extra bucks and get good knives .
it worked , but only after days of troubleshooting .
plus the cheap/free streaming videos are nice too .
my husband now put his coats on the rack .
giving it 2 stars was being generous i feel .
the instructions include cooking times for many popular foods .
useless for my brothers needs.overall i was not impressed .
these are solid and i love the color .
i contacted ani-mate using the form on their website .
this is a great case considering this price .
this is a perfectly fine little mixing bowl .
much of it did not dissolve as suggested .
they gave me a brand new pair for free .
just what i needed for my iphone 3gs .
it looks permanently pitted or marked in some way .
it is easy to clean and looks beautiful .
easy to use and do the job very well .
i was just very dissapointed with the console .
when it comes to taste , it was lacking .
my 16 month old daughter loves this toy .
hate the default font ? you could change it .
this pho soup just did n't suite my palate .
we 've already lost half the pieces to it .
the operating buttons are easy to find while driving .
i do wish the pitcher was dishwasher safe .
fishing is sort of fun but nothing really noteworthy .
best stylus i have come across so far .
it was way too oily for my dry skin .
my wife and i both have 1phones and ipads .
getting this just right is no small feat.not recommended .
the edge has a measure line on it also .
i bought it as a lightening deal in december .
will post 5-star rating if this stellar performance continues .
i put one inside the other and wet them .
it 's easy to put together and take apart .
however the screen is cut off around the edges .
the first one also failed within a year .
the multiplayer is where replayability is a huge factor .
i am sure many of you are like me .
i showered and could still smell the chemical reaction .
my husband and i did n't like this jerky .
turns out , lodge truly is ready for use .
the game only lasts a tad over 3 hours .
i do n't know about ios 6 and above .
i think this is a great inexpensive bluetooth .
the coffee is actually very good with low bitterness.4 .
this dog toy does not stand up to chewing .
they sound nice and fit my ears well .
the one big negative was the standard battery .
i rushed out and bought it on release day .
i did grease it a bit with butter .
maybe i just got a really bad batch .
glitter does n't come off in your hands either .
i did n't get much of any energy boost .
never knew how much i needed one of these .
my dog destroyed this one in two monitored plays .
now im looking to buy the mhl adapter .
i used this product and still was sunburned .
for the average use they would work just fine .
the graphics are fairly decent but very jumpy .
the finale area contains the final five challenges .
yeast comes has the highest folate and riboflavin 1010mcg/5mg .
i use the same pot to can the extra .
this has enabled me to eat ice cream again .
this 3-cup is just the right size for us .
this was a great lemon squeezer while it lasted .
this grinder worked great right out of the box .
most name-brand lsd cells are rated for 500 cycles .
this is a great pair of kitchen shears .
i think this is another great oxo product .
i truthfully can not recommend this game to anyone .
i would get a block just for these .
i purchased this at a barnes and noble store .
they are great for organizing and keeping food fresh .
so many people have complimented me on it .
i wish i did n't order 3 bottle for .
i feel that this makes the experience infinitely better .
especially if you have a round bottom wok .
it pairs up to my iphone 4 just fine .
just to hold the phone is a treat .
i travel constantly , and often rent a car .
but this case looks really nice on the phone .
the fit is excellent ! very stylish and minimalistic .
it would be ideal for a automobile only .
it is great for vegetables and hard boiled eggs .
so i do need to be more carefull .
this tune belt sport armband works just great .
keep the copper bottom shiny for top heat transfer .
i have two cats with extremely different test buds .
this is a great addition to my kitchen .
it is easy to use and quite durable .
used one at a cooking class and loved it .
the only fun things where hardly ever presented .
after one more wash it was too small .
they should be embarrassed to call it salmon .
this one barely goes thru the first ring .
sadly , it was a bit of a disappointment .
amazon gave me a gift card for a refund .
libbey makes the best glassware for every day use .
hopefully their other flavors taste better than this one .
do n't make the same mistake as i did .
no more reusing the metal ones they come with .
this was not something i liked at all .
these percs are fast and pretty and classic .
purchased this charger to replace a samsung charger .
these are the only photo albums that i use .
it is very nice and well worth it .
i use it almost everyday and recommend it .
and again , i visited the dazzle web site .
i bought this for a cast iron skillet .
it goes on easily and is easy to remove .
they smell so good for several days too .
i 'm looking to replace this piece of garbage .
i had to throw away 1/3-1/2 of them .
i paid $ 39.00 for this texturizing hair spray .
water and soap do not kill germs 100 % .
until one day the stitching was coming out .
but the sim adapter not works at all .
literally more than half the tube was empty .
i ordered this for my 6 year old .
it lasted id say a good 6 months .
i have been using this product for years .
also , the metal shaft and bits rust easily .
it was shocking how bad this toy was .
it works perfectly with no flaws or shortcomings .
but there are major problems with this toy .
this is my go-to pie making necessity now .
i usually use nespresso pods for my morning coffee .
i 've previously had the fannings and loved them .
it has a net pocket inside and hard bodied .
we bought this for our son for christmas .
in fact nearly everything about this game is annoying .
provides the support product necessary for best microwave results .
also , like most non-stick it cleans up easily .
i purchased this filter for a braun kf590e coffeemaker .
keeps things realllllly hot for hours on end .
my cats are neither particularly small nor particularly big .
she loves being able to change her cases .
i like the look of this grey one too .
and the main ink display is n't dark enough .
i 'm still using this charger several years later .
there are open slots for all the important functions .
this product makes great waffles with the proper consistency .
i was really looking forward to this shirt .
touchflo works well and do n't crash at all.5 .
please do n't take a chance on this crapshoot .
this was suppose to be a christmas gift ! .
for a flagship phone , this is completely unacceptable .
i had this crappy timer for one day .
do yourself a favor and pass on these .
this is my second set my husband got me .
therefore it is of no use to me .
this is not a machine for the lazy .
not sure much protection , more just for fun .
it is cheaper feeling than my more expensive ones .
i bought these because of a nagging heel pain .
the game plays at an amazingly slow pace .
they are only usable for wearing beneath a dress/skirt .
do not have to say she was delighted .
i was looking forward to another cool action/platforming adventure .
not what i thought the product was supposed to .
thanks to the retired chef and his reveiw .
wishing we had not purchased them in the end .
these things really do what they promise to do .
its also runny and doesnt hold up well .
it leaks olive oil all around the nozzle .
we were so disappointed and sent it back .
the quality of this item was very poor .
these lids turn canning jars into all-purpose jars .
bought this to use on a cast iron pan .
last time i ever purchase a scosche product ! .
todays price..april 6/05 with the bonus is excellent .
the measure very accurately and make baking very simple .
i am very fond of the bunn coffee maker .
it can not record on even fuji disks .
what a difference between these and my old set .
luckily i do n't have to use it often .
then you can add the bells and whistles later .
i was very disappointed when i received this watch .
it does n't have a good flavor at all .
it 's still working great after all these years .
pops well without all the additives of prepackaged popcorn .
it is nice thought to have four ports .
they are remarkable here in being virtually nonexistant .
i will not pay to have it fixed again .
i was surprised at how many moths it trapped .
i 'm surprised so many people love this slipper .
the graphics are so much better on the x-box.3 .
this was not enough to keep it though .
with this knife , i can cut it immediately .
perfect for protecting in your purse or backpack .
this really helped keep the screen protected from scratches .
it is a wireless keyboard and mouse combination .
loved them so much i bought this set .
this is the much easier way to go .
it is beautiful and very comfortable on my ear .
i was a little afraid first time using .
i purchased this item for my son for christmas .
i had bought similar chargers before that did ok .
i am disappointed in the quality of this product .
this gadget saved me from buying another $ 500 .
those lasted 4 months before shorting in one ear .
this is not to be taken as a positive .
but guess what , i died another 5 times .
all baking and mixing chores are easy and fun .
the directions recommend applying the antiperspirant before bed .
it is definitely a good value for the price .
i have used this product for over 30 years .
later i found it was palatable with vodka .
i look forward to using it in the future .
at least thats what i 've come to find .
i took away a star for the mislabeling .
they should re-name it fire ants tanning lotion .
the game engine plays like a first generation game .
i should also commend amazon for super-fast delivery .
it is not a clip-on or spring-loaded clip .
i got my case today and it 's amazing .
very good sound , very durable and very affordable .
it fits the iphone 3gs like a glove .
it left my hair snarled and gunked up .
this case was sleek and looked nice as well .
this game has a great idea behind it .
but my hair did not feel conditioned after use .
i chose the all-american for that main reason .
this makes for some very disorienting game play .
see my first one , this baby is sweet .
get actual quality parts , not cheap knockoff imitations .
this company needs to get their s*** together man .
jiggle-type pressure cookers release steam throughout the cooking process .
i do not know about any differences in reliability .
this is the absolutely best turner i have purchased .
i bought 2 of these for my girls .
i cooked lemom chicken scallopini with spinach in it .
this fissler pasta lifter is a great investment .
going to try t-fal and hope it lasts longer .
the ramp pieces just would not stay connected .
pre- heat the pan to a medium heat2 .
nice to have the freshly ground flax daily .
you have to use it in your right ear .
my only gripes are the ear hook and button .
add low cost and you have a winner .
a perfect solution at a reasonable/competitive price on amazon .
just follow the directions and its not hard .
have returned it due to the lack of support .
im back with my wood block and am happy .
i 've been using nonstick most of my life .
the bottom try is stainless steel and cleans easily .
some reviewers appreciated the softness of the product .
if this worked properly i would probably pass out .
the sound quality and streaming for music is good .
the box itself is rather dinky and hardly sturdy .
i took it with a full large 12 oz .
which uses palm fruit oil which is apparently safer .
these have already broken on me at the stitching .
based on that , i bought the gbc game .
i will not be buying anymore l'oreal products .
but it was not the case that i ordered .
it was way too fragile for regular use though .
i bought these and could not be happier .
pretty soon you just stop fighting real people .
thankfully logitech put a 5 yearwarranty on them .
otherwise , it just seems like a design flaw .
both people love it and use only it .
this is a nice cell phone cover and pretty .
i bought one before and it was amazing .
your coffee or tea will not stay hot afterwards .
took a long time to get the case .
this mold works great and is quite sturdy .
this sunscreen is chunky and pasty to put on .
initially it covered well but wore off very quickly .
there has to be something better than this .
the natural ginger flavor was n't too tasty either .
when i first got this , i loved it .
these do not function as sling attatchment hooks .
i bought it because of its name cuisinart .
i paid this off in about 1-2 hrs .
finally people seem to be agreeing with me .
we ended up throwing this thing out in exasperation .
they either break or the paint chips badly .
thought it held more than it actually did .
this mandoline is super sharp and works great .
it left me pining for something with more depth .
use them to listen to ipads in bed .
i have a narrow foot and skinny feet .
great low cost option to keep your tools sharp .
product comes as advertised and is reasonable priced .
the chocolate part almost tastes like coffee grounds .
the gun needs a trigger.this toy gun works .
heat is distributed evenly over the cooking surface .
another wonderful , high quality product from kitchen aid .
the cover for the pillow was very cheap .
will refer my friends to this web site .
only the screen is left to its own defenses .
the lids are made well with thick glass .
i have owned the unit for over a year .
kept them full and it was n't too noticeable .
i bought this bc of the serving size .
i should have read the tech specs closer .
get this if you 're looking for a deal .
the problem is not the power is the design .
the brand is number one for a reason .
i think it only has that effect with her .
silicon grip is very slippery in the hand .
texting and messaging through siri works pretty good also .
the thing slides everywhere on the counter top .
excellent product.i just wish it had a lid .
keep pans handy and apart from each other .
but now , i am ready to give up .
we have convinced many people to purchase this model .
this was a complete waste of money for me .
it fit perfectly in the 12 cup mr .
i even have matching colored headphones with each case .
i used this once to charge a new battery .
the fan works well and it 's too noisy .
it was a huge waste of my money .
it was not a good product to buy .
unfortunately this might not really be a game .
especially love the cone shaped one for bottle tops .
i decided to give it to my ( less .
i bought this as a gift for my wife .
you do n't actually expect me to fight mist .
an all around great pot for making family meals .
so i was so excited for this product .
music sound quality is superb for small headphones .
i often found myself fumbling to get it on .
the customer service representative was incredibly kind and apologetic .
in that hat i think the material is cotton .
you can achieve better results using your oven .
we got this after borrowing one from a friend .
they hold up almost forever with good maintenance care .
there are better foods at this price point .
i like the fact that it 's not bulky .
i bought 2 more of these for christmas gifts .
the doc for my droid x is quite nice .
this rubber cover is perfect for protecting your phone .
this soft case fits the iphone 4s perfectly .
then stick to it , far better than this .
i think this product would do the job ! .
so i just wanted to let people know .
forty-one years with two beaker replacements is impressive .
i have been using calphalon for over 15 years .
it 's no more expensive than buying the mrs .
this product is not all things for all people .
powder is much to light & gave poor coverage .
this really is the best bet for the money .
i sent it back after my first use .
my 21 month old son loves this trike .
good sound and well designed for a reasonable price .
very disappointed in the quality of this product .
do n't lose money and time with this game .
they were so dry and the taste was bland .
i returned mine and received my money back .
all of the above have been chopped to perfection .
i love that there 's only one actually button .
this has done a fantastic job each time .
but my fingers still slide easily along it .
no problems with the quality after 6 weeks .
they all loved this and use it often .
i felt almost immediately better than i had .
i 'm sure the word turbo was carefully chosen .
note : a whole carrot works without any problem .
i recommend the sony in earphones about $ 25 .
i have never experienced this before with a probiotic .
this cellphone stand is perfect for use anywhere .
the skin is left softer after the application .
one of the best darn tools i use .
i had an older model sonicare that lasted years .
i have no standing water or what so ever .
this game is only recommended for younger players .
this is a miss - save your money ! .
still had the pastic and box was sealed .
they appeared very sturdy and are soooo cute ! .
i had better results with the glytone toner .
so good and came in the mail fast ! .
this is the fastest ten bucks i have wasted .
this blender is over priced and poorly designed .
i am a pharmacist and a naturopathic doctor .
this product was very loose on the phone .
this game is the worst of the three .
i use this on my htc evo 4g lte .
i had to have one for my galaxy .
it did n't foam well with a normal dosage .
i know everyone is all about natural products .
this oxo kettle is so close yet so far .
it 's also so very easy to keep clean .
not something i could see myself purchasing again .
it is loud , but i like loud fans .
makes the perfect size gratings of hard cheeses .
it does not help his anxiety at all .
it you want manual this is for you .
you will not be happy with this thing.ok .
excellent improvements over my 8 year old model .
just the right length and easy to handle .
another gift for my d-i-l , she loves this .
i wish they did a 3-pack for premium .
love my 8qt stainless steel presto pressure cooker .
big bulky but they did do the job .
i am happy with what i am tasting .
they were clever to put these flavors together .
this four piece set looks beautiful in my kitchen .
for some reason these things do not work .
the noise factor is pretty much the same .
i ill never purchase from this seller again .
this weed eater is no good at all .
wish i had bought a decoy that was remote .
overall a quality product that protect your phone .
so far this bag has worked out very well .
i wish they cold design one that can stand .
i was disapointed when i tried it on .
now that product will deliver the results desired .
i had such high hopes for this case .
these cables are perfect for my htc droid .
easy to use if you follow the simple instructions .
i bought this tiny one cup and love it .
but this is bubbles everywhere & it looks awful .
never had problems with any set i received .
all i really wanted was to fly and shoot .
i am salivating at buying the breville toaster oven .
there are very few unpopped kernels with this popper .
this product shipped on time & in good condition .
it also bored my 15 month old very quickly .
i realize the package says to start them slowly .
i bought this knife after reading the reviews .
wish there was more oem stuff available like chargers .
the spoon is large and not very deep .
i never worry about the tablet getting damaged .
after working at it for several weeks he did .
it looks great in the dark as well .
real easy to replace and works as it should .
and all of this within 3 months of purchase .
it was easier to buy a new one .
junk junk junk no not waste your money .
personally , i think it makes a big difference .
i got this as a birthday gift last week .
this is perfect for my everyday grinding use .
the coring function makes making apple sauce a blast .
nausea , diarrhea & headaches can also be experienced .
there is no online mode in the final product .
i found that these brushes were too soft .
it easily handles a variety of food prep tasks .
this is one sturdy , compact hard working unit .
this stores easily due to the removable pan .
i am so glad i bought this for her .
i 've had this for a few weeks now .
but i guess you get that you pay for .
my tap water is horrible and needs a filter .
i buy 10 cases of the 12.5 ounce cans .
physicianscare 131 piece first aid kit for 25 people .
i can only report our experiences and findings .
my unit arrived intact , or so i thought .
there was no hold time when i called .
i always rinse it off after each use .
we have tried and tried through the years .
hanging off your bottom , and look ridiculous .
i bought these to pull pork after being smoked .
i did n't have enough of them to return .
easy to take off and clean and replace .
i use sunscreen every day and this never happens .
learning to use enough is the trick there though .
rubbermaid products have always performed well for me .
it had the look of foam and not cake .
i bought this unit a couple of years ago .
i have always been pleased with seidio products .
so i thought i 'd give metal a try .
for my husband who uses them on his phone .
for any coffee enthusiast , this is a must .
fell apart before i could really even use it .
he had allready paired it to his blackberry .
however , it was less than a year old .
sadly , our plate broke a long time ago .
i bought this based on the good product reviews .
i have nothing bad to say about it .
i have had a few woks in the past .
just got this free with my upgraded kitchenaid .
that is the reason i took one star off .
the color is helpful for selecting the correct blade .
and the volume is about half on the phone .
the imp880 replaces a smaller charger called the imp500 .
i never take it out except to clean it .
some have noted that the automatic-off switch stopped working .
quite a bit heavier than most pans also .
they did n't come in contact with each other .
the change in flavor added nothing to its taste .
i think there must be a design flaw .
was delivered several days early for my tracfone lg800g .
plastic ones discolor and the sizing usually rubs off .
turns out my buddy was using a samsung phone .
it worked like a gem the first time .
this is a nice product for the price .
there is alot you can do with them .
the raspberry and black color is quite beautiful .
i ordered these thinking ithelp save some time decoration .
i 'm still searching for that perfect nude lipstick .
it 's easy to use and easy to clean .
we did n't use it for coffee beans though .
these stands are reasonably priced and easy to assemble .
this is a dud in the action gaming world .
seems to hold up to abuse and flexing .
i have not tried it in the oven yet .
here , there is no one outside at all .
i have used the mixer intermittently since then .
i called to see if the scope was sent .
suction lasts about a day before it gives out .
i wash it in the dishwasher top section .
i followed instructions exactly to chop an onion .
know what i was getting when i bought these .
i tried it this morning in my coffee .
these suspenders are a bit narrow for an adult .
ended up tossing the rest of the box .
camera fell of it after a few uses .
it provides a solid grip for most items .
and black & decker is a good brand .
working men and delicate electronics are a bad mix .
love this color and the product is cool .
this item is perfect for making a quiesadilla .
its easy to use and to clean as well .
the stainless steel mug with cover is very convenient .
i ordered this and a different product arrived instead .
different teas work best with different settings i guess .
it tastes like a weird wad of chemicals .
this skin shrinks by a bit over time .
i could n't wait to get this stuff off .
i ordered a bunch for me and my daughters .
headset was shipped and arrived before expected date .
i am fairly happy with this little headset .
i tried playing poland , south africa and ethiopia .
this 10.25 hits the sweet spot for me .
this cordless handheld vacuum is just plain lousy .
i ca n't believe i did without it before .
boy , did i get what i asked for .
i do n't do massive quantities at a time .
i thought this case would be perfect for me .
i have good brushes and very light skin .
i thought the taste and texture were quite nice .
this is exactly why i shop on amazon .
i also am hypothyroid on 2 grains of armour .
if you bump the charger it will turn off .
z beef jerky in other flavors and liked them .
it just sits in the corner of the yard .
my girlfriend received one of these for christmas .
smooth handle one solid piece construction sharp edge blender .
people barely know i am on a mobile phone .
it 's an excellent buy compared to other sources .
it keeps them fresh and usable for weeks .
i would order this product again if need be .
i returned this bc it was really small .
the nokia 2720 s40 flip fit the bill .
for this much money much improvement is expected .
tuff1 and playmer makes a much better grip .
here are my biggest complaints:1 ) no crash mode .
not even nero can bring it back to life .
the elefun commercial looks like so much fun .
oh wait but let me review this though .
i need a mount , so i tried everything .
compared to the psp this a total flop .
there is nothing to secure this to the grill .
i had to downgrade my review for this reason .
the case is a great deal for the price .
16 inches keeps the hot away from my hands .
very lightweight so it does n't weigh you down .
there are not enough logs to do anything .
i only had to pierce the casings twice .
very poorly made , but look at the price .
i will watch for any add on pieces .
i started using these cards a few months ago .
do n't waste your money on this survival gadget .
white in the refrigerator a couple of days longer .
fits perfectly without a cover on the iphone .
people complain about pouring and it is tricky .
its been 2 years i still have this .
pretty simple case and that was all i wanted .
the customer service replaced my mount without any problem .
i am convinced this hub is the culprit .
the pictured transmitter uses and requires no wires whatsoever .
i serve it with brie and crusty baguettes .
it is too small for the samsung s ii .
dirt gets under it even after mild use .
i was so disappointed that these crackers came crumbled .
it came quickly and is just what i wanted .
i bought 2 of the vests for my dogs .
we were so looking forward to fresh lemondade .
apparently the outlet in the rental car was dead .
i have it set up with an appliance timer .
the sugar bowl/spoon is the primarily used item .
an iphone 5 is about 2000mah to charge .
this unit works well and is very well made .
easy to find phone when i lay it down .
why discontinue a great product and make this pos .
the wash nicely in a dishwasher or by hand .
the fit and finish is good but not great .
makes a very good cup of coffee quickly .
you wo n't be sorry if you purchase them .
i should n't have wasted money on this crap .
the straps on this collar are not durable .
does everything you would need in measuring food acurrately .
they are durable and sleek and a great value .
i have been using these for quite a while .
these need to be back in our stores again .
it is sturdy enough that it traveled well .
also this buzz does not glow in the dark .
those little sharp needle teeth destroyed it right away .
this pale imitation deserves to go belly up .
a bit disconcerting and unsatisfactory in $ 100 product .
i have to lower the rating another notch .
i feel like i ca n't draw enough breath .
the key is in mixing up the dough .
it is not too bad as other creams though .
i put two diffusers in my 1340 sf house .
the socket is the one for the s2 .
you can set the aromasticks out in the open .
i am just reviewing based on my dogs preference .
i guess i got what i paid for .
this is where the virtues of this camera end .
i hope this one lasts longer than the other .
no rolling around the ground or jumping high .
this sale is for a regular sized sim card .
i 'm also surprised at the excellent battery life .
i ended up putting the fizzion in the goodwillbox .
it remains bright and shiny if properly cared for .
install was a breeze and the fit is perfect .
we love these so much we ordered more .
but it sure makes them pointless for cookies.3 .
the problem is with the very thin wires .
there is no manual on their website for it .
bluetooth headsets seem like a much better idea .
i hate her so much grrr lolpeaceemma xxxxxxxxxxx .
this is the best charger i have ever had .
i have used the same two for years now .
this is my favorite bowl in my fiestaware collection .
in short , this arrangement was my last option .
excellent suction and it 's very easy to use .
these batteries have a great life to them .
it developed a small crack in the rim .
it feels like a piece of metal or plastic .
this a great pan for grilling on your stovetop .
gon na give themessermeister stainless steel thick-n-thin cheese slicernext .
i purchased this toy as a stocking stuffer .
it is very annoying and detracts from the game .
this is a compliment coming for a professional chef .
i do not care for this product at all .
my issue with the pot is a personal one .
in fact , she decided to get another set .
some of the in-game player-player options are even worse .
it is cool to the touch when using .
the back is still on after almost a year .
poor design takes the skin off your knuckles.3 .
i gess i need to look around more .
i have many diffrent sizes of these work horses .
all of the hinges and joints are plastic .
it responds quickly to heat increase or decrease .
she still uses it all of the time .
it felt cheap and flimsy and it was .
looked like a good product , seemed well made .
i went back to the otterbox for better protection .
it was gooey and hard to work through .
he likes to cook so this was perfect .
needed this for a motherboard upgrade i was doing .
it works as described and was not priced bad .
i am a 76-year old food processor nut .
i used this mascara for 2-3 months this summer .
i loved mine for a year that it worked .
i just wish they had it in unbleached form .
taking off theduracall case would get old very quick.2 .
i wash this by hand since it was expensive .
it was worth the price of this product .
these were returned because i was disappointed in them .
all three of mine have had the same problem .
this is very easy to use and well made .
i ordered this based on all the good reviews .
plain and simple it didnt work for me .
i feel confident it performs well as a steamer .
this is a very nice set of mini ladles .
i had to drill a small hole myself .
i tried two other grinders before this one .
these spoonrests are quite nice for the price .
oh yes there had been a mouse there .
overall we will not be purchasing this product again .
i just bought a case with a stand .
they are light weight and easy to wear .
i mean magic lantern has like 20 developers .
i use it with my nexus 7 tablet .
the two ends of coiled area snap together .
i read some really great reviews about this game .
first off it only works with apple ios .
i guess you get what you pay for ! .
the price was right and delivery was super prompt .
i do n't know if this is means anything .
i did n't try it on my carpet yet .
honestly , i am quite disappointed in these mx400 .
i would love to see them do so .
the oriental noodles are spaghetti and mushy at that .
i received this item a few days ago .
however , if they could make them more durable .
remove from heat and allow to cool slightly .
this was kind of a waste of money .
there are only two action sequences in the game .
i am a droll yankee bird feeder fan .
these are too long and they are poly/cotton blend .
i guess this treat was n't a good substitute .
they do n't seem like they are very strong .
i really does save a lot of oil .
i will be the one ordering it for her .
i use the 3/4 measure for my cereal portions .
my old plastic pitcher developed a stinky odor .
this too bad because amazon is a great company .
nite ize makes very well made and durable products .
they were easy to apply and look great .
i ca n't say enough about this step stool .
she loved it , and i like it too .
when i purchased this item , and received it .
but i guess ill figure it out eventually .
the lids seem to fit fine in my containers .
they worked perfectly with my samsung galaxy siii .
they protected my at the time infuse very well .
you just plug in and it works.- multimedia support .
even the included recipe book offers a million options .
i got bored of them after 2 days .
the failures are probably in the low single digits .
it makes them itchy and watery all day .
it instead syncs directly from your itunes library folders .
low rating because i was mislead by the size .
this one does it all and does it perfectly .
this is a larger version of the paring knife .
they just threw the bottle in a bubble-lined envelope .
i began using this about a month ago .
what a joy.number four : not enough tangible effects .
one cup of this food contain 530 calories .
i use these cookies scoops for more than cookies .
then it was repacked again in another box .
my pot handle was untouchable because of the heat .
it keeps the water hot through the job .
they did great in that area on this thing .
nothing sets if off most of the time .
the blender does a better job of pureeing .
the edges started collecting dust on top of that .
if something changes , i will update the review .
i should get it in a day or two .
that 's the only good thing about this bra .
best part is that the timer is digital .
it stays in and on my ear , 2 .
i guess i 'll have to check with samsung .
cables-to-go are made in ohio.i ordered two 14 ft .
use this in my car all the time .
) but also included millimeter lines for volume .
really cuts out the breeze from blowing in .
nope.loosened the laces and again tried putting them on .
after a few tries they got it to connect .
do not waste your money on this one .
a multipurpose bluetooth device that does most everything well .
we had already thrown several others in the trash .
i love the material the case is made of .
this new pump machine blows that old machine away .
the table top tripod looked like a cheap toy .
you cam measure or just keep yourself from sneezing .
mine are all jam-packed with books or dvds .
i fell in love will silicon products years ago .
8-piece stainless-steel steak knife set in wood gift box .
gameplay on the pc is very awkward and difficult .
highly recommend this product and the site as well .
technology has come a long way in that time .
there is nothing to hold the lid on .
the scarf is also narrower than i imagined .
this one is perfect and makes great coffee .
she loves it i would highly recommend it .
it also did nothing for my spraying cat .
then i use a pitcher to fill it .
was always delivered in the time-frame they advertised .
the comments made by friend and foe are repetitive .
you can use these anywhere because they are removable .
these same pads in the market are more expensive .
i am considering buying one as a spare .
it is believed that doing so can increase iron .
the guns did n't work most came in broken .
some of them are optional , some are not .
the yogurt balls were very few and far between .
i did n't like product and plan to return .
i like the coil cable on this one .
i gave the game back to game stop .
this beast is built from three different game engines .
my previous one did not operate like this .
customer service at breville is good but not great .
bought this ear piece about a year back .
i took that part away from my son .
take all your devices and a few less chargers .
they are built to perform and to last .
the commercial hard anodized finish is almost nonstick .
so i thought my cat might like it too .
she is not one to play hard either .
i tried really hard to like this game .
you can see why this game is bad now .
another better alternative would be to use firewire .
dropping the task bar has also been updated .
but a trip to walmnart will reveal better options .
the guinea pigs were n't that thrilled by it .
this bumper was received quickly and works great .
it holds one quart and heats very quickly .
i owned wellness clinics for over 2 decades .
you do n't have to worry about anything breaking .
did more harm than good and i returned it .
i found this here on amazon and ordered it .
the initial feedback was it did not sound good .
it seems that the power is starting to fail .
these watches look great but bad quality movement .
that 's why ea is the king i guess .
i had to keep wetting and resetting it .
it does not conceal any redness or dark circles .
this item just did n't wear well at all .
it has a slight grippy feel that is awesome .
this one does not spin like that one did .
i 'll give it the benefit of a doubt .
this unit lends itself well to simple cleanups .
before and after i went to the salon .
i never got a call back.i returned the router .
i received a cheap version of the knife .
it 's probably great for people with larger hands .
cleans well , and seems to limit finger prints .
your arrow will shoot sideways at your target .
the very top edge flares to make a lip .
the beauty of this charger is the detachable cord .
at this point id just like a refund .
i bought this game a few days ago .
water and soybean oil are the first two ingredients .
the worse set of brushes i 've ever purchased .
i wish i could get my money back .
this percolator sits nicely on the stove eye .
the pain would wax and wane in my legs .
i attribute this to the really poor quality wheels .
the battery lid broke off within a month .
all this started 5 days after using the product .
i will buy more because i use it often .
one strike one kill style asain sword fighting .
you should be able to do better than this .
by doing that i achieved a solid fit .
my husband tried it also and said the same .
the stream seemed to go roughly 10 feet .
they arrived quickly and they are super cute boxes .
just like the cubs the past 108 years .
it had to be one or the other .
it handles meat easily to make ground beef .
i have seen some grill/griddles for double the cost .
this headcollar looked the least like a muzzle .
but since it is new things are golden .
one has jumbo/gigantic wide legs , the other tapered .
47 rolls will be donated to the ymca .
they are great for adding space in the bedroom .
anyway the control is terrible with the gamepad .
i have a old percolator , and a nespresso .
they might work for somebody else but not me .
i could not fit it in desired location confortably .
it is a huge huge pain to fold up3 .
lasted a little longer than cheap brand stuffed toy .
for me , it is definitely worth the price .
though it may be helpful for a smaller animal .
this does not happen with other digital cameras .
i have only had the charger for 1 week .
they are very small for a size 10 .
i bought them before and they worked great .
i was not happy with the plastic percolator top .
i never had a problem with the original taste .
it 's too artificial tasting to be considered food .
it takes longer to clean than to grind .
predator : concrete jungle joins the many bad-games-based-off-movies-that-could've-been-really-cool-but-sucked list .
the pan that arrived did not have the thremospot .
other than that , it was a good find .
i would not recommend it to any buyer .
i had always wished i had kept it .
my family did not like the clementine 's flavor .
the rubber around it fell apart in two weeks .
i was hoping i would love this too .
i really like the thiness of the turner .
we are real happy with this for sure .
do n't waste your money or time on this .
if you are expecting a platformer , look elsewhere .
i had to return it , runs very small .
but for a normal charger it does work .
everyone who received one from me loves it .
you can just nuke the stuff you want hot .
i suddenly realized i could hang these anywhere .
the sides fall off with the slightest movement .
christmas gift for my daughter who loves electronics .
the perfect small vacuum cleaner for every day .
i have seen way too many torn/worn ( i.e .
the cap doubles as a cup on the go .
update 11-18-13 next dayi got an email from anker .
do n't care for this style for my phone .
did n't stay inflated right out of the box .
it 's also very easy to level with them .
the other problem was how to carry the thing .
i expect many years of use from this product .
i 've had this phone almost 5 months now .
a far cry from the smell of lavender .
and is now determined to make that happen .
extensive experimentation could not yield good rice results .
no more tsunami drips like the older model .
it keeps the coffee hot without using electricity .
it can not be cleaned from either side .
i bought this headset to use in while driving .
just open it up and look on the underside .
i bought this for iphone 4 and 4s .
i should have had one of these years ago .
it also leaves your lips thick and sticky .
it 's a well made but highly unnecessary toy .
overall , i am very pleased with this product .
companys should show us more respect than that .
plus the hinge is designed to be more durable .
this is cute but material is low quality .
both have long fur with a full undercoat .
this is one of the best cases i havefound .
the micro usb for designed to different specs .
the flavor leaves a lot to be desired .
the monsters and units are well thought out .
shipped quickly and received well within the receiving window .
believe me , this is a nice work perk .
i have a vita mix for home use .
it did not do anything for my hair .
work on the flavor , keep the great coloring .
all star qbs throwing balls out of bounds .
it 's good material though and arrived on time .
i would not buy again & would not recommend .
i was happy with product and can recommend it .
it does n't have the feel of a lotion .
lots of people use them for deviled eggs .
this is typical for any and all bluetooth headsets .
not much to say about this other than .
make a game that fully utilises its potential ? .
they cut through any type of meat with ease .
it may not stand up well to weather .
it will probably sit on my shelf forever .
i recall seeing a handle cover for sale .
handle is spot welded on is comfortable to hold .
it was obvious it was packaged this way .
it must be invincible or the next best thing .
these subs are the xbox 360 of subwoofers .
but of course i have no real clue .
the game should have distinguished the races better .
the whole concept seemed kind of goofy to me .
these bags fit the excellent miele upright cleaner .
it fits in a vcr and shuts it off .
i bout this as a gift for my wife .
this game gets boring after an hour or two .
i just want to talk without holding the phone .
does what it says and looks sleek and clean .
i am very pleased with this measureing cup .
that 's the only thing i like about it .
go and pay full price at the manufacturer .
very neat and hardly ever have to clean it .
i would recommend it to anyone i know ! .
what i did n't realize is that the vit .
it states to take it twice a day .
a great price and the colors are bright .
i used the s9 only for imac computer .
some said your butt is going to get bigger .
recommend for anyone who has the lg 840g phone .
if we were , we could tell the difference .
and the bottles stay pretty much the same sizes .
the price was lower than other outdoor outfitter catalogs .
we have tried alot of pillows over the years .
i thought this would be perfect for my toddler .
my isp is comcast and i live in ma .
they also hand wash perfectly , overall great value .
i bought this because of all the terrific reviews .
this is the last tuffy toy i purchase .
it is together and i have recycled the box .
this is exactly what i was looking for .
this starter is very difficult to work with .
the second charger also only lasted a week .
i never had this problem with my 320.2 .
so i am going to find another one .
green hill zone has had every signiture loop-de-loop removed .
this last set i bought are not as good .
this was an excellent price for a cuisinart pan .
they did not fit so i returned them .
i use mine primarily to remove fat from soups .
the only thing i got was digestive upset .
i ca n't tell you how awesome this is .
this size was nearly a soaking-tub size , though .
i love the spatula and the dough blade .
the problem is that there 's no way out .
they have made my life much more pleasant .
and it takes the tangy taste out too .
i really enjoy coffee made with a press .
this is n't like the big dumb looking iphone .
other than that this is a good starter tripod .
works perfect , goes great with the whole setup .
i 've gone through several pairs of clamps already .
this foundation is definitely not infallable in my opinion .
the appearance is nice and not too heavy .
when the skillet arrived , it was really beautiful .
they come off too easily in little cat teeth .
best commercial anti parasite meds are nitazoxanide and ivermectin .
i purchased this one to have a bigger size .
bought these for use with a new iphone 4 .
i have been looking at counter top mixer .
i also prefer the blue writing to the red .
so i would not recommend getting this tunnel .
the replaceable battery and micro-sd card are underneath .
there are much better mio products than sweet tea .
there 's something missing in the angle of delivery .
the plot is so unbelievalbe in a bad way .
their canisters do n't last more than a month .
great for a back up for my galaxy s2 .
charges the phone and was not that expensive .
i thought cod was just a simplistic rip off .
for a disposable , it actually looks pretty decent .
the smaller cutters seemed sharp enough to work .
price and product were exactly what we wanted .
corners started to peel after about 2 weeks .
not bad for the price - actually a bargain .
i have had this juicer for 8 years .
burned my skin something fierce and left scarring .
full auto 2 is a huge disappointment , esp .
apparently that is what my old eureka was missing .
the charging cable is thick and is durable .
they look great and require very little maintenance .
makes great beer and easy to follow instructions .
getting this costume to fit required several pinnings .
i wish lodge made a long shape with lid .
the principal sweeteners here are glycerin and maltitol .
use your own opinion about these screen protectors.fotouch screen .
buy kotr or final fantasy if you like rpg .
my only complaint is that it is quite noisy .
it runs out of the bottle far too fast .
so when i received it i expected the worst .
it works just like any other usb b charger .
i wo n't be buying this brand any more .
open charge area allows for all docks and chargers .
this thing is very quiet and easy to clean .
i ordered these for work at a grocery store .
it was the finger next to his hole finger .
i am a level 6 1/2 or 7 .
i could n't waste my time with crazy glue .
the plastic is cheap and not very sturdy .
you can blend virtually anything with this machine .
this is my second anker smart phone battery .
first of all , they all got horrible graphic .
i have modified all the ones i 've tried .
they are distinctly tinny in their sound reproduction .
it also broke and we threw it out .
the medium and low setting are much quieter .
i bought 3 and am going back for more .
you can just do the same thing everytime .
this works on even the hardest of frozen ice-cream .
poop on a stick is smarter than these guys .
the 8900 is a world ahead of the 8320 .
at this date amazon shows this out of stock .
l crippled after using 32 gigs on iphone 3gs .
i would not recommend these for holding much weight .
it tasted so fine with a bit of sugar .
i love this product ! so far so good .
it drops the pairing on a semi-regular basis .
there is a thick inner ring that becomes uncomfortable .
smells great but just does n't do the trick .
that is why i gave it 1 additional star .
we donated this box to our local soup kitchen .
it was a lot of frustration and no fun .
it was added to trick you into buying it .
this product was not especially useful to me .
would be better if these had an airtight seal .
they are only open monday-thursday and this was friday .
i never got to far playing this game .
some of thecomments are indicative of misinformed persons .
melissa & doug are great at greenwashing chinese imports .
these are great for wet or dry products .
there was no separate size for longer bodies .
the quality of the rushed lg allys diminished internally .
this is by far a great protector case .
but , the flap for the camera is awful .
i 'm buying the non-organic version in the future .
i bought this game a couple of days ago .
i dont know what i am missing but .
like you could still totally see the screen regardless .
i have to agree with the others here .
the plastic is sturdy and fit the phone well .
the white board does not wipe clean well .
two thumbs up on eneloops -and two big toes .
they went on very easy and left no bubbles .
well for the price i think it is ok .
needless to say these have since been returned .
i have four of their batteries and two chargers .
most 2 quart pans are wide and short .
does the grind match the selection ? absolutely yes .
leaves a purple stain on things so be careful .
i bought this for a sony h1 camera .
alex the kidd , phantasy stars from sega consoles .
comes in multiple sizes to fit every need .
the wii game looks like turok from the n64 .
fit is perfect except for the port dust covers .
i bought the one they had last year .
i guess their products are just hit and miss .
works great for small jobs including powdering some spices .
the propeller does not spin on its own .
the built in flashlight is a great bonus feature .
my parents had a bacon cooker way back when .
kind of orange peel look and micro bubbles .
this is definitely a good purchase for the money .
i let it dry 3-4 hours between three coats .
ceramic blocks are good to keep sharp knives sharp .
it did n't remove my makeup very well either .
the shine faded a lot by the second day .
would send it back however it was cheap .
i have always been pleased with otterbox products .
this is a very easy pot to use .
dark blue is awesome and does n't show dribbles .
the cups are sturdy with strong rubber coated handles .
i have always been satisfied with henckels products .
they work perfectly for what i bought them for .
my kids played with this for 10 minutes .
this is a functional bowl stop whining about looks .
the buttons are very clear and make sense .
it lasts about a month if worn continuously .
if that happens , i will update the review .
the case is stored in a self-sealing plastic bag .
i purchased these for a 10 week old kitten .
this mass gainer mixes terribly in a shaker cup .
however , it has never worked for a distance .
the quality has gone down substancially in one year .
amazon does not provide enough information about this press .
i read the range of reviews before trying this .
the phone should easily withstand a drop from 6ft .
so , any sauce has to really impress me .
i wear uniform danner boots everyday at work .
onlyfill it to the fill line.conclusion - terrific item .
each is really sturdy and easy to clean .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
the exopat was 1/3 the price of the silpat .
this is how it is advertised to work .
saw them on cooks country and bought a set .
it would run fine without a can in it .
so i 'm still searching for something for him .
the problem with this cream is the smell .
we will go back to our non oil-cured olives .
the plastic material does n't scratch my non-stick pans .
this happened with the second of this item .
i followed the sizing chart on the page .
they promptly replaced the entire unit at their expense .
just someone who does a lot of baking ! .
deformed dash because sticky gel gripped dash so tightly .
the buttons were awkward and hard to use .
the only two gripes i had with this case .
the case offers good protection with minimum bulk .
they have served us well for all those years .
another very well put together product by oxo .
but only the stuff they sell to other countries .
i did not know one company from another .
this game is lame and not clever at all .
this is a silicone case , made by otterbox .
after three tries i struck out with this item .
easy to clean and yummy popcorn every time .
i fractured my patella in june and dr .
i should not have to purchase parts separately .
the only thing to do is replace it .
the metal fittings common to other ka accesories .
it messes up with reception and your wi-fi connection .
it is cheap compared to other similar products .
it has not slipped out of my hand once .
this broke within a month or two of receipt .
i bought the setting powder but it never works .
all of my other nyx shadows have been fabulous .
i spent 34.00 dollars for this card at target .
plain old vitamin e and aloe gel worked better .
for small jobs this is a great cutting board .
i open cans once in a blue moon .
clips to everything when and where i need it .
for me it will cook 5-6 slices of bacon .
i was actually pissed i spent money on this .
grilling time is very fast with it closed .
he would have jumped up and down for me .
the first time there was corrosion and a mess .
you just have to experience them for yourself .
it works as a beginner tool but only that .
same clumpy covergirl formula as all their other mascaras .
i really could n't downgrade this spoon for anything .
it does a nice jobalong with the microwave .
you have to use two of these cocoa 's .
just do n't try to over tighten the cover .
brita came before pur and everyone loved it .
while i was making cookie dough it turned off .
i am thinking about getting another one of these .
evidentially they have no ability to call people back .
honestly this is n't really much of an improvement .
you can only play/pause and answer/end a call .
i plan on purchasing several more of this brand .
i guess i was just hoping for something different .
the only pieces that were playable were the furniture .
i had this unit for about 2 months .
its a very well made little round slow cooker .
i received these measuring spoons on feb 25th .
these had a weird texture and lacked flavor .
all in all it gets the job done .
purchase 12 more than you think you 'll need .
easy to put in and easy to use .
this one is crystal clear on both ends .
first batch were great.second batch reeked of bleach .
using it would only be torture to any creature .
i would not think twice about buying it again .
i give this stinkburger a 1 out of 10 .
my yellow lab/greyhound mix is not tough on toys .
keeps scarfs wrinkle free and out of the way .
this is why i give it 2 stars .
this hook slips onto the included plastic ring .
holds up well and has a good presentation .
i am probably going to pop-rivet one on it .
no openings for speakers but works ok with headphones .
it also started to get an off taste .
i suspect a lot of positive reviews are fake .
nothing here seems to justify the inflated price .
measure is redundant and just adds weight and expense .
this is surprising good quality for the price .
since my imac only has 3 usb ports .
for those from the east many years ago .
micro usb works great with my mophie iphone case/charger .
overall very nice and versatile and i would recommend .
this was the follow up to the original movie .
these are big and they fit together perfectly .
i 'm buying the hamilton beach.it has worked perfectly .
it is very comfortable to hold and use .
not on the same playing field as the s107 .
not all of them are crisp and crunchy .
the fit for the uzi is really tight .
do n't bother buying plastic or cheaper glass-rene y .
so , it will beep and beep and beep .
i like the slimmer design of the silicone vs .
i have bought 2 of these so far .
the seasoning has held , and it works great .
my car started like normal when i got back .
this review refers to canon digital cameras at large .
i 'm good for a couple hours at most .
several have been dropped - nothing happened to them .
yes it is cheap but now i know why .
it keeps you from burning your ironing board cover .
does not hold up well to large cup setting .
i was not that impressed with this product .
i used it for weeks and still nothing .
look for another product to protect your iphone .
he was already trained to run alongside the bicycle .
will not order any more of these products .
it would n't charge and only contained 6 percent .
the coconut milk has a strange smell and flavor .
it is just as convenient as an automatic .
tried it again this week , same unsatisfactory result .
i like the pliability and ease of handling .
this did not work for me at all .
this information should have been included in the description .
i could not believe how black the water was .
does what it should and hopefully it will last .
we got this laptop for our two-year-old for christmas .
i 've used other magnesium bars that actually work .
one attempted battery change , and it was ruined .
i 've had good success with my existing routine .
should have known better than to order this online .
cleanup is a cinch & they store easily .
sheets were for the newer evo not the g4 .
it does not work on my grooming table .
more importantly , the seller provided a misleading description .
if i could give it a zero i would .
i do n't think it is worth the money .
it is powerful and lightweight , which i need .
disappointing for my son and a hassle for me .
i ended up getting another brand.would not buy again .
but overall it does what it supposed to do .
it did protect my phone when i dropped it .
my conure weighs little more than a regular egg .
i bought them for a dirtdevil quick flip .
i opened it up and everything was disheveled inside .
they also bend easily and loose shape quickly .
i bought this cable at a very cheap price .
i found this purifier to be quite good .
it really bothered me every time i touched it .
can not say enough good things about this platter .
decided to give in and try this style .
if i could give them more stars i would .
this is nice because it has a large quantity .
at home it works flawlessly with my wireless router .
if you wear contacts do not buy this .
i think i have every shape and size .
and i thought the opticals would be maintenance free .
in the interim i purchased a hand grinder .
but they simply do n't cut it for me .
i ca n't imagine what the small looks like .
eight amps is not enough for cutting large branches..6 .
callendar app is very important in the biz phones .
a cable popular for cameras and camcorders awhile back .
i bought this radio a few years ago .
one broke when i was putting it on .
it ends up taking up more space than creating .
i looked at the cuisinarts and they seemed cheap .
it 's as cheaply made as it is inexpensive .
holds up our full set of pots and pans .
they do everything you 'd expect them to do .
easy to install both on the front and back .
this case did not fit my iphone 3 phone .
the first one we accidentally damaged after three years .
material is too stiff , even after repeated washings .
they had a well deserved reputation for rugged clothes .
this knife handles well and is very sharp .
purchased this case as a gift for a friend .
love the broad base , not flimsy at all .
i got my old electric opener back out .
i 've had this mincer for almost a year .
it reads instantly and has a wide temperature range .
i bought these boots for use on the ranch .
some of this has to do with positioning .
save your money or buy a different product .
so cheap compared to the unit i just reviewed .
i have tried several others , including other plantronics .
smaill reservoir : the water reservoir is very small .
i purchased this battery for a samsung vibrant .
phone easilt slips in out but still firm fit .
you must begin again to properly be of installing .
at 20-30 magnification would not produce a clear image .
i was hoping for better results from this product .
i bought this double fan for my kitchen window .
the missing link helped but it was expensive .
what you 'd expect from a spiderman era game .
it was very easy to apply to my phone .
this is the same one that comes stock .
kids love the case for their ipod 4th generation .
i love the capacity and size/shape of this unit .
this is one reason we started our fiestaware collection .
i will just stick to my old straightener .
i personally did n't like the overpowering ginger taste .
this iced tea maker works well and as described .
this case offers uninhibited access to all ports .
i did the directions but used a smaller amount .
it was impossible to wear while sitting down .
the grinds are somewhat uneven , but not terrible .
these are not even deep enough to transplant into .
i will update my review with my findings .
the wood always ends up dry and cracked .
when i checked amazon i was so surprised .
it arrived sooner than expected and in good condition .
iphone did work but needed to be charged .
the controls are easy to learn and use .
got this to charge my verizon wifi talk thing .
the wrist wraps at the supermarket are much better .
it would have been nice if it vacuumed too .
they immediatelyemailed me a ups shipping label and directions .
the speakerphone is very easy to use as well .
this little beauty is the best of the zest .
as far as length that was just about right .
two large chicken breasts cooked beautifully , as well .
this 70-300 and a 24 - 105 l lens .
it 's attractive enough to put on the table .
so i called lodge and asked who was right .
this has been great now for 7 years .
i gave this serum a good chance to work .
will try to work with amazon about returning this .
keeps the cap shape during washing and drying .
purchased these for a gift for a friend .
almost like this was a texture adding product .
i would not recommend this company or their products .
it vibrated badly and the bearings were loud .
the hullavator is rated for a 70 lb .
great cord and is compatible with my iphone 5c .
the air quality in my apt has improved dramtically .
no big deal- i have brushes i can use .
this battery pack fit my needs very well .
but it did n't do anything for my face .
my skin really broke out after using this .
this device is massive compared to most digital thermometers .
i saw ubisoft a name i could trust .
this salvaged my pressure cooker for a reasonable price .
i use this cooker to make real irish/scottish oatmeal .
three days later , the built-in amplifier blew out .
just remember to use something other than cooking spray .
it worked for exactly 1 day in the yard .
but from a percolator , coffee is pure heaven .
the glass literally fell out of the ring .
very handy to have on the kitchen counter .
it does the job it is supposed to do .
recommend this to anyone who has a iphone .
pros : uses less batteries than the space shuttle .
it arrived quickly and was exactly as described .
i only noticed it when washing the cup .
it drips down the side of the bottle .
it scrunches up and sticks to itself like saran-wrap .
this is pretty sturdy despite it 's simple design .
then i noticed the rubber tip was coming unscrewed .
installs clear and eliminates dust spots on the screen .
the valves on the extra wide are totally different .
i waited for three months and requested a refund .
the slick part of the case picks up fingerprints .
i just need to get use to the weight .
now i want to buy their external laptop battery .
we did n't even get to try it out .
perfect way to take left-overs from a chinese restaurant .
a little quality control would go a long way .
i have purchased about four of these so far .
i 'm replacing them with piaa super silicone blades .
i regret buying 3 boxes of this stuff .
i wo n't buy this again for my pup .
the cd player itself is in need of repair .
i guess i will go back to my brush .
i spray it on and i can smell it .
this is both a good and bad thing .
my tests showed it to be more like 110 .
they knot the crap out of the cord .
my new all-american 30-quart pressure cooker/canner is terrific .
to pulse just switch from low to off fast .
i wear relatively small glasses too ! kinda disappointing .
and if you eat crab these are also essential .
cellphone dies every day because battery is low .
front cover touch screen or internal keystroke entry .
big enough to prepare a meal for two .
simply the best little fan in the world ! .
only drawbacks are the price and the weight .
they had it up and running in 10 minutes .
i wish i did n't get this item really .
i rated it like i did because its great .
this product was perfect for my tiny closet .
i love this phone an absolutely recommend it .
only one of them still works after a month .
the biggest debate was between calphalon and all-clad .
we use this for bread and pizza dough mostly .
the bowl itself is sturdy and easy to handle .
have read bad reviews for the electric percolators .
it 's a metal box with one-way trap doors .
if you want a prop , this is ok .
i would never purchase this type item again ! .
grand turismo is the best racing game on earth .
i could n't zip them all the way up .
some nuts have great flavor , some are terrible .
unfortunately without the clips the thing does n't work .
my hair is too fragile to risk more breakage .
i have always been happy with their quality .
it was the wrong rest for my bow .
trim it to smaller than the rear shield corner .
there is no way this game is over quickly .
i wash and reuse mine a few times .
very easy to put together and looks great .
this charger is designed for phones with tiny batteries .
you want something with 6-20 mg of lutein .
i did not much care for this product .
extremely happy with the case and with amazon service .
amco makes the best cooking tools for all cooks .
anker has never let us down , definitely recommend .
update : i originally purchased this in november 2009 .
was able to make a nice single serve entree .
no more worrying about plastic leaking into my food .
the second complaint some have is uneven heating .
thought it would be better but was disappointed .
looks like the film that protects a new phone .
it works very well and it protects very well .
it was also one of the more modestly priced .
the combination makes virtually free and very tasty water .
the product is high quality and seems durable .
the window for returning it closed on october 19 .
these are very well made extra long tweezers .
do n't even bother to think about this product .
i love the quality , not thin and cheap .
i ordered both the black and white socks .
it also is very comfortable in your hand .
a bit too small for our five member family .
these are nice for the items you use often .
no amount of eq-ing seems to fix it .
red and rubbery is the name of this case .
i use this for a lot of cooking .
hmmm , not a good decision on my part .
i could not add more to other reviews .
was hoping for better quality / stronger material .
the birds found it and enjoy the treat ! .
it has an easy to use non-stick finish .
shortly after both of my dogs developed uncontrollable diarrhea .
after 1 use the coating was coming off .
i bought this item more than 8 years ago .
they stack nicely and look pretty on her table .
they are not like the thin , cheap ones .
magnet is wonderful and holds an iphone nicely .
nice to have a couple of spare batterys .
there are just too many things to list .
and also pretty old with old tech into it .
it is way too small for my gcc .
i use this more than i thought i would .
i do not recommend it for extremely oily skin .
so , i decided to buy a different filter .
i really like this stylus and pen combination .
even with the extra brush set i bought .
i gave this game to a local charity .
we could n't even swallow that first bite blech .
now here is the issues i have with it .
it is simple to set up as well .
i avoid oxybenzone which apparently disrupts human hormonal system,8 .
i mean , they have stainless steel in china .
then i moved overseas and had wood floors .
i have windows 7 and it does n't work .
i like the size of the grate on this .
there are better toys to spend your money on .
i 've only owned it for a few months .
the seasoning of the wok was easy also .
these work great in our 55 gallon tank .
i bought this fan to mount on the wall .
those are two completely different concepts to the dog .
very pleased and would recommend it to my friends .
easy solution - move the cell phone into range .
she uses the top part as a tee .
this product has been working well for a while .
my iphone must have fallen 3-4 times from hand .
i love it and it is easy to clean .
and scan disc crashed during the process.more resets .
do n't bother with the circular ones at all .
this product is a must have for baking .
a gi can opener is quicker and easier .
showed it to a coworker they were impressed .
i found it very simple and easy to use .
the reverse side has some kind of fish-netting .
they match great and are good for the price .
i bought it for my new nexus galaxy .
this board does a pretty good job with that .
the wood swells and hangs on to the dough .
have been using it daily since it arrived .
other than that not too many complaints on it.2 .
so far no leaks and makes good coffee .
hard to apply unlike the liquid spray bottle ones .
the biggest reason for that heft is heat retention .
these classic knifes are exactly what i expected .
this is a defective product -do not buy .
big enough for a two to four person meal .
i am just happy they can cook with them .
so far we are very satisfied with our purchase .
that translates to about a 6 gauge wire .
they do hold an edge beautifully and sharpen easily .
it appears that the zeroll scoops are color coded .
just throwing it in the house for them .
it does exactly what i wanted it to do .
i have bought several oxo products in the past .
this sat on my shelf for a long time .
we have had this for a few months now .
good deal for the product i am most pleased .
this works as your basic , bottom-line flat iron .
i wish i spent my money on something else .
it 's the perfect weight and looks sharp too .
very disappointed with this as it is a gift .
very nice case , fits my droid x nicely .
they remind me of stormtroopers in black armour .
i came home and it is suddenly empty .
they are great and very easy to use .
a huge difference over my 25 year old sunbeam .
first available on super nintendo then re-issued for gba .
i purchased an off-brand since it cost less .
you are limited to ~8-10 slices at a time .
this item fell apart not long after owning it .
from there the signal strength quickly drops off .
just wish it would be a bath toy instead .
buy the product , just not from this distributor .
we liked it well enough to buy two more .
to say the least it did not fit .
i have to take allergy medicatication after using .
the only thing it did was make her sick .
these are very pretty and look like the picture .
about 5 months later the watch stopped running .
this stuff has a long lasting chemical stink .
my daughters 6 yo lab mix liked it more .
may be if user fingers are very large .
i mailed it in per their warranty instructions .
they taste better and they are better for you .
its not a bad game by any stretch .
i do n't think this thing is really 950mah .
now just another inanimate toy the cats ignore .
my other experiences with bushnell have been positive though .
i hate taking pills more than once a day .
but overall - decent case for the price .
batman of the rings.this has got to stop .
i expected more out of leapster on this .
oh and absolutely no problem returning for refund ! .
easy to grip and does n't get all greasy .
the nonstick looks like it will hold up well .
when i got these mice they looked neat .
they are well constructed and theywork extremely well .
it cooked a chicken in about 20 min .
bottle opner also works great on bottled beer .
the graphics have without a doubt gotten much better .
after three layer of glue it finally worked .
i bought this one for my iphone 4 .
absolutely the worst game in the excellent quakes .
saved a couple of bucks buying a three-pack ! .
bear in mind..this is a rugged and bulky case .
add 1 1/4 cup all purpose flour until smooth .
it pairs easily and has a good sound quality .
then again , most instructions are horrible at best .
very unhappy with this product and its claims .
i would n't recommend anyone to buy this item .
also shortens time and increases adsorption of marinades .
this was a great way to leverage its capabilities .
the case fits the phone nice and snug .
the cut outs are for the iphone 4 only .
it is very useful for a good cooker .
the mfr sent me a new stake for free .
this is not a good product for that .
the mini-games use it and are generally well done .
i would not buy these again because of this .
i love it and will buy another for backup .
used it for thanksgiving turkey and it worked great .
the price was right , the size is perfect .
i was delighted when i received the liddle griddle .
it makes working with them secure and comfortable .
the comfortable handles make for a bulky stack .
use a brush and it should clean up fine .
farberware 18/10 stainless steel cookware is a good line .
i guess you get what you pay for .
so i could make a long loaf shape .
that 's enough of a reason to return it .
i have had a horrible experience with this game .
my dog wouldnt even try to steal them .
i can use a creamy concealer on it .
the customize your officer has no good features .
all three have had the exact same problems .
it is also much easier to pour from .
i bought 2 of these and use them constantly .
plus the only method of travel is swinging .
this speakerphone works great for hands free conversation .
i only discovered the button functionality by accident .
makes great tea and great holder for coffee .
i have only used three colognes my whole life .
i 've been taken this for approximately a month .
i am now on my 3rd cordless shark .
the stethoscope is adorable - when the heartbeat sounds .
i purchased 2 of these for the house .
i do love that it is organic however ! .
the charging port on this device is open .
did a great job as it was designed .
i purchased several lifeproof cases as christmas presents .
i must like them because i keep buying more .
the reusable gold filter is easy to keep clean .
i have never used a microplane grater before .
they replied back in a decent amount of time .
mine looks brand new after years of abuse .
this is a great headset at an excellent price .
would purchase another one if the need arises .
for this price , it is hard to beat .
it is loud but fast and worth it .
very disappointed in the quality of these cases .
this gun seems like it is not so good .
these can be completely removed from the case .
this brand just did n't do anything for me .
cooks like a charm and cleans like a breeze .
i have since gone back to designer skin products .
takes a long time to fully heat up .
the straps almost force the shoe off your foot .
this does n't work with the htc one model .
the case has never cracked or been scratched .
just remember to take them with fish oil .
not sure what i can use these things fornow .
they are all made from very good quality steel .
i ordered replacement caps after reading reviews on these .
i rocked all night and loved the sound .
my daughter had a much more forceful reaction .
he also exercises with them on with no issues .
it does a lot more than this dog .
two of my tanks crashed after using regenerated seachem .
just like another amazon user said in his review .
it spins well and really gets the water off .
and the potatoes and carrots were just as tasteless .
i would buy more went i run low .
does the job of keeping it new looking .
its full of glitches that are impossible to fix .
in fact it made my skin look drier .
i am just thankful it was so cheap .
i grill up veggies for pizza on this thing .
the ball was going real slow and studding .
just spend the money for the good stuff .
this chew toy would be good for cats ! .
the phone is still flawless thanks to this case .
these can be washed in the washing machine .
it could have been much better i feel .
cutting and chopping is a breeze with these knives .
that one also was doa and i returned it .
nothing broke and it contained everything i needed .
i have tried to do with out a zester/grater .
i have absolutely no complaints about this device .
the power cord is much shorter than the original .
it is quite attractive in its stainless steel construction .
quick clean in the dishwasher or rinse off .
it 's quite different from the slim plug pictured .
a single size unit would be a welcome addition .
the flash light is what gets me the most .
side note : use peanut oil when deep frying .
this is the best cooks knife bar none .
you need both hands to handle this pan .
what a great way to keep my shoes ! .
i hit a home run with this one .
also , it grinds to perfection in a jiffy .
i debated with myself over how to rate this .
i would highly recommend if you like steamed vegetables .
i love these cake pans ! the 3 in .
i guess it is different strokes for different folks .
i love these little thing for bluetooth headsets .
the scent is nice , but not for me .
these feel significantly harder than my old brush heads .
sad to ripoff a kid of his allowance .
it holds a lot , and is very sturdy .
i also love the glossy texture of the case .
i suggest you give it as a gift .
these settings are too thin for my taste .
my daughter saved up and purchased this for herself .
i should have bought one of these years ago .
it 's also extremely difficult to reach certain areas .
this is a product that works just as advertised .
i have been using it over and over .
one of my cats has issues with redirected aggression .
lot 's of spirited reviews over a vacuum cleaner .
works very well.it has good battery life as well .
it was win-win.putting together the dresser was not difficult .
wait a minute and you 're ready to cook .
for this reason , i never fold the band .
my husband said they were easy to put together .
just what was needed and a handy little saucepan .
i bought this for my husband 's first iphone .
she was fine with other formulas/treats from wellness .
the piano black elago slim fit case looks terrific .
professional is the name and word for this product .
so for me , these were the only option .
it smells all right , but is barely noticeable .
i bought this to use on my fender p-bass .
how can this be a 5 star game .
we 'll finish this bottle and find something else .
pressing mute on our phones is a regular thing .
i do think the texture is better too .
the belt-binding thing at the bottom is weird .
but most of all they are inferior quality .
i would recommend this pack for every droid .
i 'd buy this norpro again in a minute .
ok , now i ordered this on a whim .
this is our second time purchasing this product .
i had such high expectations for this product .
other types of cookware recommend these as well .
totally reliable unlike that bit of junk the shark .
not really huggable , just squishy on the surface .
these plastic lids are great on our canning jars .
the graphics are mediocre and the ai is horrible .
i would not inflict this device on anyone .
after repeated use in the microwave the lid expands .
that makes the bowls almost twice the price .
seems that era has passed.five stars for the product .
had a problem with post but nothing terrible .
reviews all tell the story of nokia loyalty .
we have used these cuisinart skillets for years .
maybe you can poison someones water supply with it .
instead , walking around with it may be good .
the cover is attractive as the pictures indicate .
great for travel and recharging on the go .
for the price you ca n't beat this deal .
less stress then a peel and stick protector .
the additional info on cleaning is particularly helpful .
also it doesnt feel that good to hold .
i thought feria looked interesting because of the highlights .
they performed very well and cleanup was a breeze .
so i decided to wear just the bottom ! .
the cookbook that comes with it is adequate .
they are wood with colored paper covering the wood .
of folks who are n't happy with this attachment .
this turntable works like a charm in my microwave .
i do not like the scent at all though .
i do a lot better with cerave am moisturizer .
they should of named it diet deus ex .
another reviewer says he does it with success .
i take great care of my tents as well .
did n't happen before with a normal surge protector .
military mre 's and significantly better in most cases .
all of the reviews criticizing the design are correct .
it has stainless steel layers with aluminium in between .
i would n't pay a dime for it though .
you would laugh if you saw what i received .
keeps coffee very hot for a long time .
once i figured this out there was no problem .
these are minor inconveniences of an otherwise good product .
that is really all i need to say .
the recharging cradle is very cumbersome and awkward .
maybe the one i got was an anomaly .
i just walk by it and it talks .
this pen is great and it does the job .
pay a little more to get a little more .
it costs 100,000 monies to wear no shoes .
overall a good cover at a reasonable price .
the flavor is the same and time is equal .
it does not feel comfortable to hold triangle down .
1 month later and the thing stopped working .
it did not fall from a high place either .
nothing including burnt cheese will stick to it .
this little gadget has saved me time and pain .
i use it to grind coffee beens everyday .
the original pump was a jebao model pp-333-lv .
every little extra thing costs at least 20.00 .
i used to use this for my dog .
you might not even notice until after the application .
this was a good choice and nice and sturdy .
i returned that unit and ordered a third unit .
these are the worst headphones i have ever bought .
this book shows you how to decorate different items .
so i finally gave up and made one .
for my purposes , that was a big mistake .
this helps your food stay warm while serving .
quality made and ease of use and set up .
also , the load time between stages is abismal .
so much that i ordered three of them .
however it does not have an on/off switch .
this tape works awesome in sealing the phone .
my brita spacesaver pitcher is a daily hassle .
it runs fairly nice , aside from the crashes .
do yourself a favor and pass on this game .
i 've owned dozens of audio/visual products and remotes .
at $ 49.99 it was an expensive lesson learned .
it was a noticeable compliment to the e.s.e .
3 a pain to change the filter bags .
this was great for my fried pies i made .
i 'd get bigger next time if i can .
battery life is excellent.what more could you want ? .
used it three times and then threw it out .
this case is a much better quality product .
they are just that good.bottom line : buy this .
it kept retracting ad then finally just broke .
window down , music blaring-the other party barely notices .
very happy with the belkin charge set so far .
overall i was very disappointed in this product .
i bought it for outdoor and oven use .
we had to throw this product in the garbage .
case fits the iphone 4 4s good too .
it rolls quite easily from room to room .
the review is based on my own tests .
but , this is pretty much a user error .
i got desperate and went to the local supermarket .
i really enjoy the way it makes the pops .
it cooks well and is easy to clean .
but sadly it really did worsen the problem .
the damage has been done to my snails .
they have less than 2 years of mfr 's .
it was perfect for what she needed it for .
i have both the jambox and the big jambox .
at least let people know in your product description .
a good length and sturdy enough for general use .
not close to color shown even with 3 coats .
these two products are miracles in a bottle/jar .
they fit well , and the controls work well .
but it gets 1 star for rip-off pricing .
i 've had it with pc games like this .
a game i did enjoy was high heat .
this is a great case for my android phone .
of course , it has to be used properly .
you have to work at keeping this nice though .
the top broke off after about 3 uses .
i tossed it when i saw how i looked .
many cosmetic companies are capitalizing on metal oxide nanoparticles .
so i promptly exchanged it for another unit .
we bought these glasses for use with our toddler .
i use this to heat up soup and leftovers .
first one i got did n't work at all .
for years i had been aware of j.a .
i will never go back to stupid drip machines .
cooks magazine did most of the work for me .
it takes little to no skill to operate .
i regret it now and wished i had n't .
it holds a lot and is easy to fill .
do not purchase because of the construction of them .
its a bit difficult taking off and putting on .
i got this a couple of weeks ago .
have n't used it w/ a water bath yet .
cant afford to lose a cent these days .
stay away unless you get a cash back guarantee .
boy , are you in for a tasty treat .
it 's my new favorite thing in the kitchen .
finally caved in and bought a proper fat separator .
no one wants a dented in chest look .
i love all of oxo 's soft grips products .
but the quality is very poor at 1920x1080 .
still trying to find the classic 6-inch cleaver .
returned to amazon the same day i got it .
i bought my wife a second one for christmas .
just received this and removed tape to hear sounds .
you constantly have to monitor and adjust it .
i buy most every game that comes out .
it has just worked and produced great juice .
i pealed off the entire side very easily .
i would not even give my current one away .
i was very sad because i love this coffee .
the vinegar cleans great and the smell goes away .
they come out of the dishwasher looking good .
i installed the system about 12 years ago .
the bladesafe securely holds a knife for transport .
this set is however slightly different from most stoneware .
it worked for barely 4 months , if that .
this is a terrible version of the game .
this is my fourth case for my iphone 3g .
thanks to amazon return policy , it went back .
it is a little bulky but works well .
hitch cover lock is plactic and doesnt hold well .
great if you 're replacing your old plastic containers .
spend a couple dollars more for a better pair .
i went ahead and did a little pre-seasoning anyway .
small , easily detached and a waste of money .
the spoon part tapers from a width of approx .
they just wo n't protect/support your wrists or knuckles .
the fingers were all very long and skinny .
can someone please explain the color and taste ? .
i like alcohol filled candy of any kind .
watch for pebbles in the bag of coffee beans .
i am very happy with the lodge griddle .
we found it to be a two person procedure .
wide mouth is adequate for light duty jobs .
once it does , spoonm will seem even better .
i was on the phone with the corelle cust .
the price that i bought it for was great .
but the best thing is the removable grill plates .
i blamed it on the dvd 's them self .
needs to have a better disciption on it site .
it is a terrible recipe for english muffins .
because this is battery operated it travels well .
the depth perception is not suitable for a bicycle .
they are about the size of my fist .
this case is really good for this phone .
man did it pick up the dirt and dust .
this is a fantastic little ice cream maker .
the popcorn will burn and smoke if overcooked ) .
i just managed to break mine washing it .
will give a later review when i use it .
i bought this when i had the iphone .
we took care of this hose to great lengths .
i plan to buy one for myself soon .
i get 10 great shaves from a disposable razor .
1 large and 1 regular for each ear .
no sign of rust on the metal carrier .
i would give it no stars if i could .
i would not do business with this seller again .
the low setting may as well not even exist .
the top end of the phone is exposed too .
fits any phone that needs a micro-usb charger cable .
not good for people on low sodium diet .
some people might be extremely allergic to it .
color chips a little , but not too noticeable .
this was true for the krups as well .
much better than the other indoor grill i own .
i have htc evo n fits like a glove .
there were many reasons for my retiring the mr .
clumps of urine were still in the box .
lightweight so it works for smaller cuts too .
i could never forget i had them on .
highly recommended if you like having delicate garnishes ! .
the create a character mode is way too shallow .
do yourself a favor and buy something else .
was super easy to put on and adjust .
my other main gripe is the swimming controls .
there are two scoops shown for each disher .
i may try other brands of seeds too .
not worth the risk of ruining other ingredients .
i had medium length hair , not real thick .
they have a thin but firm man made sole .
it does a good job of shredding the potatoes .
maybe a whole bunch of these were dropped .
this earboom works a little better than most .
the disk kept getting stuck on the maps/mission_10.wot file .
no more splatters and stains all over your pages .
there are much better for the same price range .
and as always amazon.com came through for me .
it is a great knife , and very well-balanced .
i only use this holster at the range .
this powergen wall charger is the perfect travel companion .
not even a warning message on the phone .
i have taken impeccable care of this item .
1-4 cup brewing button gives double heated water .
the touch buttons are a breeze to operate .
i tried the snuggie on my 15 lb .
this is the best cookware i 've ever owned .
i 'm keeping at 5 stars unless something changes .
this is made in the usa and it shows .
we ordered 4 of these for a brunch .
this product does exactly what i wanted and described .
icing a cake for fondant is a fun now .
does n't say any real words for the penguine .
good tool in the kitchen for low fat diet .
i have used it at least 2 a week .
it was not thought out well at all .
the grip would spin as i shot the weapon .
nice to see that dustbuster technology continues to advance .
i have not used this product as of yet .
these fit well and are a good value .
i wish there were velcro or snaps there .
i have used other eyelid primers that worked better .
these are standard sticks and work well with suckers .
the original large toypedo can go 30 feet .
i liked the size and feel of this .
thinking of buying two more for my daughter-in-laws .
i have very mixed feelings on this dog toy .
you 'll wonder how you ever did without them .
he would have given it a 3-4 star rating .
we received this french press as a wedding gift .
what more can a busy mom ask for ? .
great idea , but does not deliver any results .
half of the eye shadows came in cracked .
steam produced can be dangerous to young children .
i would suggest buying the unrefined shea butter instead .
it tends not to tangle like standard cords .
it is a nice case with a great look .
it picks the stations up , but with static .
the one thing you do n't expect to happen .
this was a christmas gift for my hubie .
these patches are thin and rip too easily .
i was really hoping this stuff would work .
and that 's just what i was left with .
it is soooo well worth the extra money .
works for any of your boiled water needs .
they worked great streaming music through my blackberry .
it works great and keeps the coffee hot .
very bright when needed and then shuts off .
i had no idea what was in the box .
order the bigger one - cats need a challenge .
wish i had bought the neck piece separately .
this game was independently produced by two gentlemen .
the blade slowed down and it smelled of burning .
it just does not layer well at all .
they seem to be a bit too flimsy .
i also like to bake cakes and cookies .
not much to write about an old otterbox .
i ordered two of these & am very pleased .
works great , but broke after only two weddings .
there is no eye relief built in either .
i bought this unit about 2 months ago .
but still very good steak knives for the price .
for french frys this is a great fryer .
enfamil infant is characterized by choline and dha .
slight curve/magnification in the centerthings i wish were different:1 .
i want to be completely satisfied with my purchase .
i could not recommend it based on my experience .
if can come off the phone several times .
works perfectly with my sg2 and my htc tablet .
it 's not worth the trouble to return them .
i actually got more migraines while using this .
until then it still serves it purpose well .
it actually works as advertised , easy and accurate .
this one is going into the donate pile .
he barks directly at the device almost challenging it .
a classic matchbox car lends itself to more play .
i also got it for a fantastic price .
my suggestion foodnetwork.com has great deep dish recipes .
( surely you can knock someone out with thing .
my cats use it for a scratching pad ! .
and the little lip helps prevent spills well .
washed it after unpacking to use for dinner tonight .
i ca n't think of anything to improve it .
i immediately placed items right back on the counter .
beautiful earrings but one of the backs was missing .
it seems like kind of an iffy item .
this has put a serious dent in that association .
then you may remove it onto a plate .
if you like your hair do n't buy this .
will not purchase this specific item ever again .
all you need to get the job done .
no cake stuck on the pan at all .
my cats destroyed both toys within 15 mins .
i love having my cable speed on my laptop .
i knew this was stoneware when i got it .
the instruction in the box was very clear .
well on 7/9/2010 the left earphone stopped working .
the dual usb output is also a great feature .
i purchased this to use with my elongated toilet .
i wish it had come with a permanent filter .
i am a huge pizza eater ladies and gentlemen .
the remote controller 's range is about 3 feet .
they were just looking ragged and i replaced them .
i use this more stirring soups and sauces .
this is another great addition to my calphalon collection .
it wipes clean easily , and is very sturdy .
the pan is great and the price was good .
i checked the connections and everything was ok .
i was so excited to get this mixer .
will not charge my galaxy tab 1 , 10.1 .
i do n't understand why this is so greasy .
so far it has held up really well .
this one really did not work for us .
the tops flare out evenly to prevent excessive spills .
to low heat on a smooth top electric range .
just rewire it and it will work fine .
the back on all these also gets quite hot .
i like the stainless and the simple design .
this is a nice 25 foot long cable .
we have just ordered the slightly larger one .
they stop me from scratching up my counters .
but too expensive to use for iced tea .
it does n't work 4 times in a row .
so from a doggie point-of-view only 2 stars .
this thing is cheep ! material is very thin .
the thing works and i am satisfied with it .
he knows i like making my own lattes .
lenses came out as soon as set on table .
i got these shoes when they were $ 99 .
the game is very one dimensional for me .
they cook quickly too , clean up is rapid .
this headphone was not design to accomodate that .
they fit the jar perfectly with no leaking .
my own fault but make sure you pay attention .
every boss fight pretty much requires the same strategy .
i have had this phone for a month now .
this is a perfect fit in the fridge .
i thought my cats would love this toy .
i spent $ 20.00 on it and am thrilled .
but the c60 colors seem to be overenhanced .
now only if i can find a charger .
this thing is size 8 for young girls .
these used to be my all-time favorite easter treat .
i had n't either but decided to try one .
easy to use , to clean and to store .
not the manufacturers fault as purina makes great products .
they are a perfect fit and work great .
still looks good after several months of use .
i purchased this stand and it arrived slightly bent .
new trent imp52d charger is sleek and well designed .
i used this timer for over 10 years .
i do not find it too short at all .
it has held up well and looks great still .
will noite the good ones did taste good .
they look like roach motels , but for ants .
but all in all , unbeatable for the money .
it is extremely light with a very comfortable band .
they always come out of the dishwasher sparkling clean .
i plugged it in and went to town .
the seller made returning the item easy tough .
i bought mine and am very happy with it .
this is a great hot air popcorn maker .
this size is great for storing almost anything .
i did not like the feel at all .
just press r2 , over and over and over .
i am a freak at insulating my home .
they are actually more rounded on the tips .
what was n't comfortable was the delay in sound .
that extends battery life to 24 hours per charge .
the batteries started to bulge after a year .
will never order this sort of item again .
there are 4 buckles including the bottom one .
they need to do better with this one .
i bought my daughter an ixl for christmas .
i use it for must of my parties .
this is the 3rd one i have purchased .
everything else we 've tried is a big hit .
the sample obviously had something different in it .
i just purchased this model and i love it .
and i 'm glad i bought the larger size .
been using daily m-f , i love this thing .
the charge lasts about a week for me .
great on rugs as well as hard wood floors .
this machine is a top of the line machine .
did n't have to print out a return label .
card arrived 2 days after i ordered it .
the sounds better then a cheap aux cable .
this was so cute and sounded really great online .
this product is not durable to any extent .
i ended up soldering all four wires in .
he 's ultra picky and even he loves it .
i can not remember when but it saddened me .
not really a good taste for my pallet .
i have not had any problems with the battery .
not happy with this crappy item at all .
would buy again once my puppy has stopped chewing .
this has the husks/hulls of poorly processed grain/seed .
i highly recommend and will do future business again .
please be aware when making your purchase ! .
i unplugged the tool and started the car .
had this on for a couple of days .
humanoid enemies can easily be stunlocked by you .
until someone does , this will have to do .
that 's just the nature of cast iron cookware .
the mirror finish is great other than that .
the professional series also much better than home series .
i opened the box and found several open bags .
it really was n't worth the hassle or effort .
the removable plates and base make cleaning a snap .
it also feels like will outlast the phone itself .
it fit very nicely and also looked nice .
works great and charges my phone fast enough .
once again , you get what you pay for .
this is a very nice vac to get .
the screen protector fits prefectly and excellent quality .
spend the money on b+w clear protector filters .
i get so many compliments wherever i go .
i have been very pleased with my mr .
i am so done with any eucerin products .
it keeps coffee drinkably hot for 10+ hours .
one of the wings broke off within a week .
i immediately threw it in the washer machine .
do not hesitate to purchase this oxo turner .
clean design with an easy to read dial .
i hope it stands the test of time .
excellent quality and price would buy it again ! .
the whole tactical thing is a complete joke .
i may buy for a gift as well .
the secret to tamping is trial and error .
rather than buy more line i purchased this one .
i 'm new to the all-clad line of cookware .
the socks that i got were way too big .
i have to agree with others on this one .
i plan on buying a second one soon .
lol i guess alot of years have passed .
it is blended with a clear cover and black .
it seemed to have the exact opposite effect .
this product is not well built or long lasting .
now you have to remove a bottle to drink .
the poor dogs were scratching all the time .
it does match the corelle - the white color .
i will say that it does the job .
i have had this for a long time .
this is not a rapid charger as advertised .
i have purchased so many spatulas over time .
you can barely see i have anything on .
bad sign - giving up on this stuff .
this product really did not work for me .
this is reason enough to not buy this product .
this case broke before i could even use it .
i would purchase another for the same price .
but the new one barely works at all .
moreover , the ear bud is not very comfortable .
i like the size for so many things .
after all , they promoted the game to death .
mine is 30 years old and still going strong .
no more 41/2 hours for a loaf of bread .
the cost of this tea is another issue .
i think i 'll just wikipedia this story instead .
but even the kids said they were just ok .
the shoes ordered were not the correct size .
for me 34dd , it gave me banana boobs .
and we found the collar difficult to use .
i do not recommend this item at all .
found some recipes on pinterest and ordered this item .
i consider the top games to come from ubisoft .
these handle covers are very handy and work well .
it 's not worth one second of your time .
i bought a 10-cup processor and this one .
even disconnects linksys wireless-g gaming console at random .
this is our second spinner of this type .
the black dye makes the hair more porous .
it also suck the sand out of my aquarium .
this baby will take care of that for you .
bone-in chicken can be cooked in 30 minutes .
serious fire hazard if you have a gas range .
in any case , it was anything but gentle .
it works well and charges it fairly quickly .
i tried it in hot chocolate made with half-and-half .
that might have been a first-waffle fluke , though .
just turn the difficulty down if it becomes frustrating .
god is in the details it has been said .
once you do though it is worth it .
the screen never works and its awalys freezing .
it is exactly as described and works as expected .
terrible.i returned mine and got a netgear router .
i had another disappointing experience regarding the price .
it just may not be an option with wusthof .
the timothy cubes were harder than a brick .
this item is not meant for the usa .
i tried both the tea tree and lavender .
just do n't expect too much out of them .
she needs to be supervised while using this toy .
i will not continue to use this lotion .
it makes a wonderful 9 grain healthy bead .
i ordered this cable for my galaxy phone .
workmanship way above the norm for this basic product .
i wasted hard earned money on this junk .
this kit is easy and fun to use .
i have had several bluetooths over the years .
loved the texture of my skin after applying it .
not many of the levels were amazing , either .
i like to put my salads in here .
on top of which , the price was excellent .
didnt last very long at all..the product that is .
could be because i do n't believe strongly enough .
i had lots of extra blades and attachments etc .
now for the trial of this scullcap herb .
i got this jar to make sun hibiscus tea .
these relays arent the best in the world .
i love this brand of anything they have .
it was more cherry or ? ? to me .
same touch/feel and responsiveness as the original glass .
i only gave it four stars because 1 .
so that i can boil water in hotel room .
learned about turmeric/cucurmin with meriva and it worked .
it feels like a substantial piece of kitchen equipment .
i have no trouble getting to them whatsoever .
like everything else microsoft makes- it does n't work .
just allow it to dry completely and re-apply .
it fit perfectly , if not for that feature .
finely tuned audiophiles may wish to look elsewhere .
i brought it back home.worked perfectly at first .
so no routing calls through your google voice .
the load times made chrono trigger virtually unplayable .
i have used this on my nano ipod .
i will be recommending to friends and family .
this may not be the same for all cables .
sear it in a cast iron pan or something .
so i was a bit disappointed with the game .
it 's a good quality hanger and dead useful .
they should stop claiming that on the packaging .
once that was closed the machine worked beautifully .
cranium could have done better for its preschool gamers .
i used the larger one to make biscuits .
it seems to do it on its own .
i was dissapointed in the size of the blocks .
both the car and wall charger broke easily .
i am not happy with it at all .
it really barely is picking up anything anymore .
it is the go-to knife in the block .
the quality of the materials was not very good .
you will find blocked paths and locked doors .
and it came really fast in the mail .
it only works with the food grinder kit .
photo-realistc aircraft and terrain make this game absolutely beautiful .
i made cannolis with this iron and cannoli forms .
not at all the fit i was expecting .
exactly what we wanted at a good price .
i gave it to my kids to play with .
no , actually you and i are very different .
this is as weak and tasteless as diluted dishwater .
they are great if you make your own popsicles .
i was delighted to find oxo made one .
but honestly i am very skeptical at this point .
it performed as described and opened the jar quickly .
this is the smallest sifter i 've ever seen .
the wife tried it and she said the same .
bf vietnam does a great job at atmosphere .
while the water is heating i grind my coffee .
what i was doing before worked just fine .
i now have two of these contemporary pieces .
they sent me a nice paella pan by mistake .
five for myself and a couple for a friend .
this is not the same type of thermometer .
this is the second presto griddle i 've had .
i even made hash-browns in the oven with it .
it was very high quality and packaged beautifully .
but it is way too graphically violent for me .
the only thing i do like is the color .
neither mountain nor road bike fit in it either .
as for side sleeping , i can sleep comfortably .
it 's an exact fit and it cleans easily .
i get all of my phone accessories on line .
smaller then the photos make it out to be .
i do not find this to be the case .
you plug things in and they get charged .
he tells me that he ca n't play it .
i own an olympus c-3000 and love it .
i bought one for my daughter this christmas .
to the individual whose pan looked like a tailpipe .
not super heavy , but perfect in every respect .
shame on me for not filing a report .
go to sephora and get some better lipbalm .
mine is in the bathroom and 22 '' high .
it easily transports i would definitely purchase again .
i love these rubberized snap on hard case .
we eat a lot of pineapple in my household .
it is also awkward to clip to the waistband .
do not recommend you to buy and use this .
this is another product i would highly recommend .
if you have cats it keeps them entertained .
please note , this is for the key rack .
in the end i took them out of service .
the motorola elite gave me none of those things .
it 's very difficult to open and to close .
in particular , this silver model is extremely attractive .
the blades are still as sharp as ever .
it is small which is what i wanted .
that 's exactly how you should play the game .
i am not happy or satisfy with it .
than the heavenly ice cream is ready to eat .
slows way down when used deep in cup .
i was surprised at how small everything was .
heck i only got it for like $ .75 .
i would recommend getting this with a fabric strap .
everyone 's got their own standard regarding game violence .
it can incur some unsightly scratches fairly easily .
i really like the htc when it works .
how can you go wrong with protecting you knives .
i see this same comment repeated in this post .
it pushes fairly easily for not being self propelled .
bouncing on this thing would give me a headache .
you ca n't beat this set for the money .
it is still great as far as i know .
they are accurate to pick up small pieces .
had this product for over 1 year now .
it worked great as do all le creuset products .
have your bacon minus the grease in the microwave .
first it was the wired and then the wireless .
but i wanted a small one near my stove .
i should learn to read feedback before purchasing .
otherwise this game is a weekend rental at best .
i also think that is a waste of money .
within 30 minutes most areas were almost totally dry .
i will not order from this company again .
i do n't need over a foot of microplane .
very satisfied with this case with what i paid .
and easy to store because of size , too .
smells good just feel i overpaid for it .
this is a nice looking piece that works well .
i need small holes for some of my spices .
nothing else compares at this price rangeworth every dollar .
i use it for nav and music , etc .
smaller clumps of litter easily fall right through .
the cream itself is very rich and wonderful feeling .
wish i would have bought a better item .
i was very excited to try this product .
the perfect way to keep my earrings organized .
it is not too big or too small .
this is a real professional piece of equipment .
the suction cup hooks very well on the windshield .
the shoulder straps had thin , poorly padded straps .
i am an nc42 and ordered medium deep .
this product is really good and easy to use .
i recommend you get city of heroes instead .
i love boxwave for all its extraordinary accessories .
the blades wash up great in the dishwasher .
there is very little sour cream or onion flavor .
sometimes i wonder if products are ever tested anymore .
i do believe this is a handmade case .
great for making pizza , from start to finish .
this is a super sharp little paring knife .
i can only imagine what x6 must be like .
there a many good stratagey games out there .
cleaned both solid floors and rugs with ease .
the measuring cups are made of heavy-duty stainless steel .
just type it in and there you go .
if you are a victim of too much hype .
results are identical to using a conventional oven .
it does n't set my dermablend foundation at all .
never will i buy from this seller again .
it also prevents screen from cracking for small slips .
the lid on this pitcher really is water-tight .
milwaukee and maurice williams scored practically every basket .
i have used other sharpeners , to no avail .
i can only assume it removes trace amounts .
this blade functions well for the intended purpose .
unfortunately they are not remotely interested in this .
they looked good and felt good on my feet .
this stuff does not absorb into my skin .
now a star bucks is like drinking dirty water .
awesome display piece or storage of volume item .
very light weight in texture i sent them back .
the portafilter and brew group are substantial and well-made .
my cat was not particular about this box either .
not sure what all the good reviews are about .
i like the sweater- but i am not impressed .
you can adjust the height of your mixing assembly .
tis is what i would consider as a scam .
they simply get red , and then go away .
just another reason for pigs to pull you over .
i was shocked at the quality of this product .
so far the new ones have been great .
it lasts about 1/5 as long as my original .
they fixed the problem i had with the curtains .
2nd the computer 's difficulty level is so hard .
the quest system is broken down as well .
from that time on they are never clear again .
it came pre-seasoned and was heavy as hell .
even my pitt that eats everything snubbed it .
at first i thought about the aqua-tech 5-15 filter .
i definitely recommend this product to evo shift owners .
there must be a natural way to do this .
it 's worked well and no complaints at all .
the 3ds does n't work well for this game .
however , two things bother me about this drive:1 .
maybe for tiny scratches it may work ! .
this spoon was purchased and given as a gift .
i have tasted other cheese powders with ingredient lists .
no problem for about a year and a half .
then it is so easy to make ice cream .
put one on my phone and immediately was disappointed .
or maybe the popcorn i 'm using is old .
it was of cheap plastic and poorly put together .
delivery was prompt and i am a satisfied customer .
for a battery this size , i expected more .
so no routing calls through your google voice .
do n't waste your money on the env touch .
it left a red mark between my boobs .
i am actually very pleased with this product .
it called a random number in new mexico .
for the price , this is a great chopper .
those extra inches of water go a long way .
i am constantly cleaning my iphone with alcohol .
i would highly recommend this for great protection .
there are puzzles and bosses that are super easy .
it runs and runs for what seems like forever .
it seems ridiculous to sell a pan without one .
and fun is the name of the game .
i had such high hopes for this product .
after installing them i tried to pump the tyres .
on the one hand , my dog loves it .
the slot reserved for your finger is too small .
we have evo 4gs and the cut is perfect .
i hate it its worth a try for yourself .
the most was a little over two hours .
i use these alot , love the locking feature .
this thing is a tank and will last forever .
it functions a good protection for my iphone .
not great gray coverage and it fades really quickly .
it may work for some but not for everyone .
this size is great for just abotu everything .
these are all of these at a wonderful price .
my 2.5 year old daughter got this last xmas .
i only experienced relief when i stopped using it .
i planned to store nuts & pasta in them .
this is the first fobus holster i 've purchased .
i had to tweak the proportions quite a bit .
unfortunately , this one was all but dried up .
the most amazing part is how quiet it is .
i really wish it had worked for me .
i used the towel trick on my system .
these shower rings look good and are nicely made .
you hardly can feel it when you get hit .
i definitely do not recommend this case to anyone .
these are over engineered over sized and over unecessary .
i thought linksys had the best reputation and products .
but i wonder if maybe it 's just me .
hopefully i will have more luck with that one .
right before drinking i mix 50/50 with mineral water .
yet it also retains nutrients and tastes good .
the plastic covering made the phone difficult to see .
the flavor is very sweet with a bitter aftertaste .
my first measuring cups were little multicolored plastic .
these are ok if only worn for short times .
i will buy another one but for soup .
this product is not for anyone with thick hair .
it also links to 2 different phones at once .
whoever thought of this did a fine job .
slow shipping though , since it comes from china .
fits well and works to protect my phone .
and the scoshe works great with any battery .
the mixer arrived sealed in the factory box .
this pan makes a great little car cake .
i 'm not so certain this was worth it .
as a speaker phone it works well too .
the top on the carafe seems to work smoothly .
i think they need to address quality control issues .
in the long run , you will be happier .
the texture is good but the quality is bad .
just got it in today , very well packed .
you must follow in the direction of the game .
i bought this unit mainly for grinding dry spices .
i am thrilled to be rid of it ! .
it was that i was using parchment paper .
leave your leather jackets and alligaor shoes home .
my daughter received this toy for her 1st birthday .
works nice for every day in my kitchen .
the knots in order to work them out .
more than this and my ears actually ache .
i gave it away and bought this one .
in retrospect i would not have purchased them .
big chunk of rubber came off the tread .
it 's easy to clean and it looks nice .
i started out with the holmes version of this .
this order is my third for this correct brand .
when you roll it , it gets litter everywhere .
this pressure cooker is awesome and simple to use .
i could not even calibrate the touch setting .
nice tips so they do not scratch pans .
i had a few rust spots that kept appearing .
this is a huge improvement on other measuring cups .
it really is just the most adorable pitcher .
but after some adjustment i really like this knife .
it was easy to setup and instructions are good .
i know you can do better than that .
you can really go gourmet with this thing .
i bough this extra charger for when i travel .
though it breaks easily if not handled properly .
guess it 's the optimum nutrition one for me .
maybe a loafer shoe just is n't my style .
5-stars if they would have actually been fully seasoned .
i was expecting far better from this product .
but they are hard for little hands to open .
the pictures do not do this knife justice .
i 've broken chains before but not this new .
i like the simple , classic design of these .
has been on several weeks without any hiccups .
they are too big these have no quality control .
lesson learned i will be using the case permanently .
people with small head may not like this .
we had our old micro-go-round for about 15 years .
u just hop around getting smashed by things .
i tried 7oz and got hardly any flavor .
i definately would buy again from this seller .
nothing near the greatness that is final fantasy 7 .
its wheels do not make contact with the floor .
take it anywhere where you need to time something .
it paired easily and has been doing well .
i would have given it less stars if possible .
the fit of this bra seemed oddly shaped .
this killed many orders i would have made .
i bought the product i expect it to work .
he had the rabbit sickness known as the snuffles .
we get the 10 inch size for him .
the headset is comfortable and easy to wear .
after a few weeks the whole thing quite working .
they even held larger jars of spice too .
but lots of love and plenty of licks .
it worked for a few months then failed .
i got these and attempted to put them on .
in his video ) rubbed anywhere except the eyes .
if you have a thunderbolt get this battery ! .
it works perfectly and super easy to clean/maintain .
these lids are great replacements for the mason jars .
i far prefer the storm or brunswick ones .
this has a flavor vaguely reminiscent of cherry kaopectate .
why would you want to eat this stuff ? .
goes on easily but is somewhat difficult to remove .
because its become harder to find in stores .
a credit card works great to work those out .
my arthritic hands find it easy to crust garlic .
once i accomplished this fete my parrot ignored it .
these people actually sent me double what i ordered .
it snaps together snugly and seems to protect adequately .
this cover is the perfect companion to it .
i got my daughter a wooden barbie house .
i use this when making small mixtures of ingredients .
you never know if it is charged or not .
now i use this as a dedicated voip phone .
seems to cost more than i think it should .
i could n't disagree more with the previous reviewer .
this pan is a bit heavier and truly nonstick .
this is a update to my previous review .
on the old jawbone , youhit the connect/disconnect button .
she was bored standing there waiting for the butterflies .
our shower curtains open and close seamlessly and easily .
as you know ipod batteries can not be replaced .
found out her caracts had spread and had glaucoma .
but i stick with what works for me .
i have every intention of returning this product .
these parts do snap back in quite easily .
use it all the time , i might note .
the finish is even and consistent all around .
i have all the colors le creuset makes .
made the almond pizzelle and shaped into cannoli shells .
made my skin red like a sun burn .
it protects my screen from scratching and getting dusty .
just be careful because coffee will being brewing immediately .
the descriptions are tricky on the new phones .
having said that , the grill itself cleans easily .
we bought this for my daughter last year .
this came and i used it right away .
it makes it stand out and easy to spot .
this pan is definitely not worth the money .
my oxo chopper has made removed the peril .
the keyboard will obviously reside on a desk .
it is really a snap and works fine .
returned because it was not usb as i thought .
what a disappointment for a highly rated toy .
julian carrots for meatloaf along with peppers and onions .
gritty like the very first stuff i ever tried .
i got this for my son 's iphone 4s .
it also puts your range to the test .
i thought for $ 5 it would atleast work .
the cut out is there if you want it .
4 coffee filter cone i purchased it for .
the color is not the same as pictured .
i am sad that no one liked them .
in the picture you see the wide comfort waistband .
the suction is wimpy compared to the old one .
not at all happy and initiating a return .
the cutouts lined up perfectly - front and back .
i love to organize and this works great .
contact amazon and request an exchange for another one .
the chinese have a less mba notion of profit .
i ordered this to add to my collection .
used on a hunting trip for 8 days .
jaybird bluetooth headphones fit snuggly in the ear .
i even store dry pasta in the ball jars .
it cleans up beautifully and looks nice and shiny .
or ull regret when u need it the most .
i have mixed feelings about this linguine product .
it was terribly dry and powdery to a point .
have bought several sets of these as christmas gifts .
oblivion stood out as a must have game .
it does smell good but that is about it .
makes all tasks painless for my arthritic fingers .
the bottom line is these are polycarbonate measuring cups .
maximum load and the hullavator weighing 40 lbs .
it 's not worth trying to do it yourself .
never had issues with staining as others have mentioned .
broke the first day getting into a vehicle .
the bar was really small barely lasted 2 weeks .
i ordered these because it said 12 w/10m .
first of all it pairs really quickly and effortlessly .
unfortunately a firmware upgrade will not help this .
this fits me perfectly and is very cute ! .
the playstation one had the best controller ever .
cz 's look much better than these unsightly stones .
i have sensitive skin and this is not compatible .
it is not practical if you shift hands .
i ordered the s10-hd and was very disappointed .
company said might be due to sweat getting in .
recd product in 2 days just as promised .
this was a great buy for the price .
but this case i have to saw is perfect .
i could n't find the popper anywhere in town .
many other features not mentioned.great headset for the money .
the m25 looks so nice and slick and small .
they come with instructions i can understand re .
the blade will do the slicing work for you .
so i ended up returning it the next day .
this must be a harness for a mouse .
but it seems built to last.rubbery topfeels neat .
this thing really ruined my impression on sony .
so far this battery seems to do the trick .
otterbox has one of the best cases out there .
the price is the same i paid in 2007 .
will order again if i ever need more cords .
there is absolutely no staying power from this product .
tried sausage on the ribbed side and even better .
i 'm not going to grind coffee beans though .
it 's so easy to use and works great .
the seal retains its secure fit over the years .
loved it when i had my evo : ) .
i love speck cases but this was as durable .
you will be glad you chose the blueant .
but for ipod/mp3 players they are nearly useless .
i find myself buying fresh pineapple more often now .
this is essentially nothing more than thick mineral oil .
i put it together to surprise my husband .
there are better ways to sharpen a knife .
it also made my eyes burn at times .
but graphics can only take you so far .
great item to have with a mobile device ! .
another useless piece of junk for the basement .
i have devoted to this badge for years .
overall it was a good buy with the holster .
the droid already has a real glass screen .
i bought this product for a 13 '' notebook .
i returned to this one and ordered it .
just a leap of faith on my part .
they keep your phone from getting damaged or broken .
never had that problem with my old-style pyrex cups .
this product works great and just as described .
it would have made life so much easier .
wish i would have read the reviews first .
i will never go back to hot brewed coffee .
this toy is an absolute piece of junk .
that accomplished the steamy drink smelled so delicious .
the vacuum also loses suction as the canister fills .
perfect cup size , very sturdy and durable pan .
i am very disappointed in this new modern set .
never maintained the poor thing and it finally died .
i think it actually enhances the smell of ammonia .
i have there machine and an espresso machine .
i use these every day , and love them .
i would compare it to herbal essence maybe .
not a problem - i have an exacto knife .
these are more hygienic and much easier to store .
ease of use is superior to competing headsets .
i have owned this product for about a year .
i have practiced and practiced to no avail .
this cable has worked well for the price .
i was fairly happy with this product until today .
fine -- so the oil is too hot .
is light and it looked like it would last .
we 're back to using a fluffy wash cloth .
about as messy as a press to clean .
but this is just too much to ask .
far better than glass and nicer than plastic .
i had the best time today making fresh pasta .
i would rather watch as movie than play game .
i should say since then they have changed i-blason.com .
oxo comes through with another high-end kitchen utensil .
was pleased with customer service but not the product .
this device is very cheap materials and construction .
does what i had expected it would do .
i guess you get what you pay for .
this is the reason for just 4 stars .
another pile of crap i have wasted money on .
i am very happy with this pasta drying rack .
the bottom of these dishes get extremely hot/cold .
not a great association.and not a great product .
this merchant states it is roasted to order .
machine is great and has help up well .
it does diminish the value of the feature somewhat .
it comes with a round carabiner style ring .
i wish i could say the same about taste .
the can i received is actually 8.5 oz .
the size of this knife is just right .
this little fan moves a whole lot of air .
so was its remake called sword of mana .
i purchased six of these for my rescue squad .
please just get me a new micro sim .
i love this for boiling corn or pasta .
the wires for the the earpieces were different lengths .
i have a killer all in wonder video card .
it helps water proof your parts as well .
i just want simple wipes to remove my makeup .
i did n't drop it or any rough handling .
as if i had n't used anything at all .
bought the charger for my atrix 2 phone .
this shirt is way too light and flimsy .
i 'm thinking they were either old or faulty .
the fit and quality of this case are impressive .
in my opinion a must have in the kitchen .
bought this on the advice of my hair stylist .
next time i 'll pass and so should you .
i 've never tried them on an unrefrigerated bottle .
does n't work for what it says its for .
the adhesive is very sticky and decently strong .
it tastes incredibly fresh and i love it .
these seem to mount and work much better .
but it just does n't look right when worn .
this company alwalys send out good phone cases .
the price was just perfect for the product .
this case is nice but not worth the money .
they have such a small footprint in the cupboard .
the handle never gets hot on the stove top .
her tail stuck out the back and looked uncomfortable .
it is easy to use and very powerful .
i would estimate that it weighs roughly 20 pounds .
a really nice , functional accent for a kitchen .
the problem with it is its just plain cheap .
i hope my experience will clear up this confusion .
get a size larger than you normally wear .
i did have one batch not go so well .
everything about this game is bad , real bad .
for that purpose this little vac is great .
the oil capacity and pressure capacity is too small .
the capresso conical burr grinder is a fine machine .
i wondered if someone sent me the wrong glasses .
brought a lot more usage back to a phone .
it is very light and comfortable on the ear .
the worst is the movement throughout the city .
only if the skin fails because of manufacturing defect .
makes great toast with butter and cheeze on it .
the positions are excellent for reaching those hard-to-reach place .
we love the look of the fiesta pasta bowls .
this bag is very hard to zip closed.2a .
this item broke within a week of using it .
i am so sorry i purhcased this set .
i can not believe i fell for this .
these are a must for controling deep frying processes .
the craftsmanship exceeds any other pan i ever purchased .
i need to replace it because it 's distracting .
i bought these binoculars because of the great reviews .
i used it for sweet potatoes and regular potatoes .
but th en again i toss it to them .
why should they ? they already have your money .
i heard wonderful things about murad and was hopeful .
short battery life , dropped calls and horrible reception .
the main compartment can barely hold the digital elph .
these brushes are really cheap -- like dollar-store variety .
the extra attachments are great and work really well .
i 'll follow-up with a long-term usage review later .
beautiful vibrant color and quality construction and material .
the wilton measures 8 inches from tip to tip .
no sharp edges sounds like a good idea .
just bought a couple extras for some new garland .
they keep for several weeks and reheat well .
i do use it constantly to steam vegetables .
he is in little vacuum heaven buzzing around .
kong & amazon are both to blame here .
it is just too difficult to figure out .
it just broke while connected to to the case .
save your pennies for the bose ipod docking station .
the pan is heavy and very high quality .
it also has a few chips off the rim .
sub died and would make aloud buzzing noise .
i use this on potatoes and white mushrooms .
the concept of this corrector pen is awesome .
the strap seems sturdy and meets my needs .
the small one makes an interesting little petite biscuit .
they are nice for my style of tub .
it finally stopped working , this one is better .
this keeps it visible and easily accessible while driving .
i had to return because the wheel was broken .
the measurement markings are very clear to see .
a professional quality knife at a bargain price .
i have previously left packaging concerns with no response .
this caused me to break out big time .
i own 2 small earphones from sennheiser mx series .
this will make you look like bozo the clown .
this meat pounder is nicely balanced and works great .
for the price it is a great product .
i see no reason to own this item .
my hair does lose curl pretty fast though .
my husband likes dark chocolate , as do i .
my gcc does not use this item much .
this game just feels like a sub-par resident evil .
the marks on my dishes are n't too bad .
it weighs about a pound or a little more .
i mean they are okay but barely okay .
they are as clear as films can get .
it was the worst blender i 've ever owned .
i gave this case to my boyfriend for christmas .
much to my surprise the roomba actually works .
the facial trimmer is adjustable to 5 different lengths .
when i moved out a purchased one for myself .
specially the ends are sharp and not covered .
i wear a 10.5 and ordered the large .
i imagined it would taste very pleasantly enjoyable .
it is so much better than the cloth bags .
you get what you pay for , i guess .
i went though a whole tube in 1 week .
when i first played this game i loved it .
this is a very satisfactory kitchen trash bag .
i bought this for a busy restroom at work .
the first casecrown case lasted for 3 years .
i returned this product within days of purchasing it .
it works as advertised and does an excellent job .
i have had no problems with it whatsoever .
nice design and is availablke in numerous different designs .
very bright light that reflect from the don .
plus there were obvious scuff marks on the device .
the first one i tried went on nearly flawlessly .
gave it 4 stars because they are still overpriced .
these work great for making camera power cables .
the design coincidentally matched some floor mats i had .
this was under $ 5 ans does as expected .
match the model number and your good to go .
i always wanted one and saw it in walmart .
eyecups too rigid so i cut them off .
be sure to use a soft , nonabrasive dishcloth .
it keeps the temperature for at least 6 hours .
everything now is stored neatly and safely in these .
save yourself the trouble and buy another brand .
this stuff made my hair feel like straw .
cleaning the pan is a snap in the dishwasher .
this is a great case for the iphone 4 .
this is a great value and enduring product .
enter the newest contestant in the ugly pageant .
these tongs are exactly what i was looking for .
making my hubby something mini musubi for this potluck .
wish i would have bought this years ago .
please do n't waste your money on this item .
both of them fit excellent and are wonderful shoes .
first off , i am no expert on knives .
the size differential between the three are perfect .
what a good deal this salad spinner is .
i love that it 's slanted at the end .
i bought this for a white elephant gift .
very cheap , and good quality for the money .
i would not recommend this case to anyone .
very flimsy and not easy on the eyes either .
if you want spicy just go for chai .
poor quality and a waste of money and time .
i will buy one for myself i think .
you can warm the wine in the glass later.2 .
and loves her new rolling pin and base .
it can go in the freezer and the oven .
the shape was lumpy and not at all soft .
the hinges popped off when i opened it .
i would rather drink plain water than this .
they are heavy duty and work like a charm .
it would drop connections and reconnect w/o warning .
you can only play as mario and luigi .
tupperware really is the best product for food storage .
love how long this is , it was fantastic .
it has a classy look about it , too .
everything came intact , no broken or chipped plates .
skip this game and wait for the next one .
the connectors are solid and i had no issues .
i just got this pan a few days ago .
frustration only sits there to impede on this .
would highly recommend bring along on you next trip .
would not recommend as they are currently being made .
but i hate the texture of the moon dough .
these rollers are too hot and too hard .
looking forward to using this as my garden grows .
the 950 came as oe on my recumbent .
i felt like it made me stand leaning back .
the problem is compounded by the narrow hallways .
it 's very easy to use and very dependable .
i only wish that the speaker base was bigger .
the home button was a little hard to use .
two minutes later it was a throbbing consistent pain .
my cat tracks this stuff all over the house .
one good thing about it is it smells good .
it keeps them off and away from my sink .
seems like it will do the job better .
i used a stove top percolator for years .
this thing is also very hard to clean .
i will say that mio is very convenient .
i was looking on amazon.com for a 5qt .
this seems to help for the first week .
it lasted a month or so and separated .
actually came with free meat grinder/sausage stuffer attachment .
had to get replacement after short period of time .
case should be more rubbery to prevent sliding .
if you are one currently debating ce vs .
it is not what is pictured or described .
and there is no way to take it off .
tried to return knock off item and fake item .
the hd 's simply blow the older model away .
for 600+ dollars it is just extremely average .
this one is a little tight in the console .
also , this stuff seemed to make huge clumps .
it self adjusts to the width of your vent .
a staple in my household for years now .
they said it would be in perfect condition .
the battery indictor flashes green intermittently before turning off .
the thing i was worried about was the fit .
the cover that came is a solid light purple .
it makes measuring so much easier than traditional cups .
my hair became extremely frizzy after using this product.3 .
the silicone handle comes off easily for cleaning .
great way to keep knives sharp while traveling .
just a very huge waste of my money .
disapointed but not wanting to give up on it .
i get nervous with micro/mini usb always plugging/unplugging .
it did not taste like tomato and basil .
do not waste your money on this item .
this one is protective and clear as glass .
iowned my s7000 for about 3 1/2 yrs .
i searched amazon for one i could afford .
for that much money i would expect better quality .
this part of the process seemed pretty straight forward .
it almost feels as tough as my helmet .
i had to pay someone else to fix it .
you will find it can get quite annoying .
the set also fits together very well for storage .
a huge waste of money in my opinion .
these say clearly that they are made in china .
i recommend it for any iphone 3 user .
pretty sturdy & has been leak proof so far .
no matter how much i fussed with its dial .
lid can also be used as a second roaster .
this product worked fine and charged my iphone 4 .
he would not get adequate exercise in this cage .
they hold their charge and are great batteries .
still have it but use ecoxgear bluetooth now .
i 'll try a firm in a different brand .
i 've purchased it before and really liked it .
did i mention i love this knife ? look .
sadly i took off my beloved new shoes .
kind of flemsy , but the price is right .
i am just going to recommend the goody brand .
now the cost of battery is about $ 40 .
i 'm am very pleased with my bread machine .
works well and is a solidly made utensil .
i thought primer would help enhance the pigment .
i can almost switch with one hand now .
this has happened countless times since about day one .
i was advised to spend the extra money .
old boy who was within the suggested weight range .
sometimes it would shut-off at the selected time .
why ? ease of use is reason number one .
in all that time , it has never cracked .
now they are expensive so i tried this one .
my husband likes the versatility of this product .
have some farberware pans that are 40ish years old .
great product and works as mentioned in the manual .
in the picture , the iphone does slant back .
one for myself and one for a friend .
notoriously known for being difficult to house break .
easy to clean and small enough to store .
i made the mistake of buying two of these .
if u shoot first you one the fight .
do n't waste your money on this chemical blend .
the black cases have much softer , floppier rubber .
i think it makes the kitchen more interesting .
these grips are made well and grip tight .
i like these tongs , but they were pricey .
at least i only spent $ 5 this time .
rats and mice were not fooled by this device .
made me feel sick and also makes issues worse .
we use them as a every day glass .
we never really figured out what made her sick .
9th and they keep extending the delivery day .
this is the 3rd plantronics headset i have had .
no room in the bathroom for a pop-up .
i have had this unit for 1 year .
sides do not wrap around all the way .
it also helps individuals with rls sleep better .
they also cut out when i am walking .
i wish i had n't spent money on this .
phone works well and is of good quality .
this organizer is a great help to me .
the items purchased were fine , and delivered promptly .
check the customer pics for a better view .
that is the best stuff i have every had .
i would give it zero stars if i could .
we wo n't purchase any more toys from plan .
the food also stays warm until dinner time .
on first use this unit heated oil to 400f .
bakes cookies evenly and does n't burn the bottoms .
there are barely any fruits/nuts , merely just flavoring .
until one day when i had a tuna lunchable .
this drink mixes up great low cal smoothies .
i got got around 5 hours from these .
i compared it to my falling-apart cheap ge headset .
i guess you get what you pay for .
also i found the button placement to be awkward .
i gave it 2 stars because it looks nice .
and mom uses it on her iphone 5 .
saucepot was pitting and staining after 3 uses .
use your magnifying mirror and a strong light .
this is a must for the vacuum sealing system .
i have had this sifter for 5 years .
great for camping or people who have dexterity problems .
this stuff is so gunky and just awful .
the griffin reveal etch is a handsome case .
they are like old mason jars which i like .
it also does a fine job on walnuts .
buy something more pricey and get a better product .
have n't had any trouble cleaning and re-seasoning it .
she was so looking forward to getting it .
do n't like the clip on to belt attachment .
there are two types of men in this world .
i have no idea what is wrong with companies .
it takes about 10 seconds to get the reading .
you need a smooth , magnetic place for it .
recommend buying the 6 oz pot and frother .
one of my favorite is the jawbone era .
i would recommend this to any friend - esp .
never did get it.do not recommend in my experiences.john .
hopefully they will fix this on the next revision .
this is the most inexpensive water filter system .
my daughter received this oven as a christmas gift .
a really great addition to our fiesta collection .
both arrived looking and performing as if brand new .
i do i do i do like this product .
they came in handy for my graduation party .
i have played all of the final fantasy games .
one of these came with my game card .
an easy to use , super convenient kitchen tool .
while it was working , it worked quite well .
you pay for what you get i guess lol .
had much better success with an elomi bra .
but i did not buy it for that purpose .
i am using this mainly for mash potatoes .
they are easy to clean and last forever .
heavier dogs need more depth to their bed .
ours have been slowly going dull and eventually useless .
the images online do not do this case justice .
tell amazon not to sell chinese chicken jerky .
this thing ca n't be beat for the money .
lol true beige is so not my color .
the pocket for the attachments is great too .
i used their web-site for questions and comments .
to operate the lid , you read the instructions .
very well made product that will last for years .
the first one i owneed lasted sevn years .
i have had no issues with this case .
i purchased these as a gift for my mother .
i ca n't even imagine baking cookies without these .
i unplugged it from the wall , same reception .
i 'm not sure how i lived without it .
i should have sent them back but never did .
got a small for my 9 pound cat .
i will research and try something else next time .
i am returning to walmart and will not repurchase .
so i was happy that it got everything out .
the hole seems to be well-aligned on mine .
you can listen to music and answer the phone .
i 'm hoping maybe its just a bad battery .
so far the suction power has been excellent ! .
put your money into anything but this game .
these pans are heavy gauge aluminum - heavy .
i have no problems with the foodsaver rolls .
raccoon city has been taken over by zombies .
this item is not what you see advertised .
the scans were for the most part fine .
however , it has no holes for .45 colt .
this is a very over priced natural ineffective product .
i went online and found this one on amazon .
i had one of these great cookers long ago .
if used as intended it will last forever .
it fits perfectly over the eyes of my stove .
instruction book has clear directions to clean permanent filter .
they are light and durable and easy to clean .
cooks waffles consistently and the waffles never get stuck .
i wish you much luck and hope it does .
matches our bronze anodized black screen doors too .
have not been able to buy just the part .
a big box of caramels ? a handful inside .
but in many aspects , the game was good .
it 's that nice blend of classy and casual .
this does exactly what i wanted it to do .
would not buy this bra again or recommend .
it will just be a new place to scratch .
these come apart easily so you can clean them .
these would be awesome if they were crayons .
a great grill pan for stove top use .
the list of those printers in not published .
obviously the taste camp is pretty diverse amongst reviewers .
the voyager fits the bill and has great features .
unfortunately i experienced no pressure relief after taking these .
get yourself a claw type with one handle .
nothing i have done has corrected this problem .
this product just does n't do anything for me .
henckels 9-inch poly sharpening steelfor the first step .
the filtered wine did taste better straight away .
the latest android operating system is 4.4 kitkat .
it is made very well and is very sturdy .
i settled for th purchase of a different phone .
and , the clip is ridiculously hard to unbuckle .
i will stick with the diafold sharpeners from dmt .
need to replace a battery maybe every 18 months .
look 's like a 2 year old packed it .
charged my spare battery for my evo flawlessly .
this processor does everything i need it to .
they never felt like they broke in always uncomfortable .
i just purchased the can from whole foods .
i always wondered if this thing would help .
this was a very bad deal and buy .
in this game , everything is stupid and predictable .
i have a hard time getting it only .
it 's a great deal buying them on amazon .
the finish of the kupo is much smoother .
however , my unit quit working in 2 months .
i can use kitchen garbage bags once a week .
my family and i are super smash bros .
i really love this measuring cub and spoon set .
for the price it is a great bargain .
great pans try them you want be disappointed .
hellens disaster after we read the product reviews .
it is pretty heavy though , so be careful .
two spritzes , one to the front and back .
with this game , spyro lost all his attitude .
this price is more than double anywhere else .
but i would not buy any other kind .
and the cut-outs are in the prefect place .
it is quite amazing to watch it work .
after this arrived , i realized it was mini .
i do love shopping on amazon ! thank you .
received the package and it was packed well .
also , plastic stains with tomato sauce and berries .
this is just as i expected it to be .
i found this one and i never turned back .
i 'm not sure this is a good thing .
i ca n't believe how much power this has .
good for a starter for ur teenagers or yourself .
does not stand up to chewing at all well .
rather pay some more and get something nice .
i like the highly visible outside markings the best .
i have used it almost daily since it arrived .
the big issues with this case are 1 .
it was a gamble i was willing to take .
i had this for maybe a month now .
but now i know i 'd buy it again .
i went back to my old camera bag .
they are not as pleasant and sublime as before .
this is my biggest problem with the case .
this tool does and the cost was reasonable .
have been using this grill almost every day .
i add it 1/2 teaspoon at a time .
this juicer was a great find for us .
this spice rack has been a pleasure to use .
this is a great attachment to my kitchenaid .
i think they are made out of plastic wrap .
a very smooth look to the cake or cupcakes .
so when it finally came she was not disappointed .
the cart takes a few minutes to assemble .
the bag is also very simple to hand wash .
i should have returned it to the seller .
and i will do business with them again .
the safety holder was promptly shipped to my address .
i use the power cup concentrators with it .
so i thought i should post a review here .
probably going to purchase the breville unit from amazon .
but truth be told these are really great .
medium heat is the key to perfect popcorn .
no more cutting fingers from the serrated edges .
i love this product and would recommend to all .
not sure what to say about this product .
works in just 60 seconds and you are done .
nice looking goes very well with stainless steel appliances .
very pleased with its quality and with this purchase .
maybe someone else it would fair better on .
i regularly use 5-htp for depression with insomnia .
it does n't seem fair to rate this item .
i really needed some better directions with this .
put 25 more bucks and get a braun .
birds or squirrels.tried 2 different kinds of bird food .
these look cheap and of course they were .
fell apart with in a couple of weeks .
my 32 year old ge electric knife finally broke .
i have a very hard time using these .
it looks like it belongs in someone 's salon .
nice quality leather like material and fit great .
there appears to be a problem with contact points .
the film is nice and easy to apply .
this is just too much work for a waffle .
the reasons are way too many to list .
there is no such aspect to this game .
it could lose 10s of seconds a day .
these go stale faster than you can imagine .
i was a bit hesitant on the handle .
update 2/09/2012 - everything below still holds true .
and when scraping use a 45 degree angle .
i tried the s9 because of the reviews .
i was impressed with how well they were shipped .
now use it for just browning at times .
this is not a great product to buy .
we use them for everything in the kitchen .
this pan can not be cleaned in a dishwasher .
very convenient and would recommend anyone buying this .
it 's a cute idea but did not last .
where this device really shines is at the airports .
i got haircuts once or twice a month .
then it takes some time to straighten it .
they actually fell apart in my wife 's hands .
this thing is wonderful and i use it everyday .
until you take the negatives of re4 into account .
not what i expected and i sent it back .
bad for the environment and it costs a fortune .
i did n't get the results i was expecting .
this was a great product for a long time .
i really want one with a larger wider basket .
not a flavor i could get used to .
i am always looking for good gluten free items .
it indicated that this is pure stainless , i.e .
since they only weighed 42 and 24 lbs .
i really like the feel of this case .
maybe all the nay sayers need abetter cell phone .
little to no raspberry or acai in the product .
this item lasted only 2 years or so .
although they do not recline , they are silent .
this pan came quickly and was well packaged .
great small size for all kinds of cutting .
i also have these cases in magenta and purple .
it is the perfect size for this use .
one to another company and two to amazon.com .
i am glad i only bought the small size .
i have known this food for many years .
i would not recommend this for toddlers under 3 .
we have had real good luck with this one .
exactly what we were looking for and very reasonable .
in fact i would skip play vacuums all together .
the usual prices for this product are crazy .
later on , i read reviews that mentioned this .
it is not intuitive.it 's a cinch to use .
i dry it by heating it back up .
the display on this unit is limited to numbers .
the revolver fits the holster , but just barley .
this is typical oxo good grips quality product .
i consider anker batteries better than the manufactures batteries .
fine craftsmanship went into this work of wood/art .
i love this thing ! it does it all .
i really did not like this cinnamon at all .
i thought i would try the brita pitcher .
received 3 days earlier than scheduled ship date .
until then , i am impressed with the quality .
unfortunately , this purchase was a waste of money .
i just got it in like five minutes ago .
due to the latest engine change in large part .
update and final decision : a big thumbs down .
i ordered 6 of these bags for my bridesmaids .
a cable modem is a fairly uninteresting beast .
nice assortment of sprinkles for various baking needs .
i found this one at a decent price .
all pictures i take with flash come out foggy .
its good for texting and has nice call quality .
this holster would be dangerous in a life-threatening situation .
easy to use , and very light and comfortable .
made of quality stainless steel this is a keeper .
and it does not seem like too much fun .
he literally has not eaten in 2 days .
it is small but very usable and powerful .
all conairs hot lather machines are a scam .
unfortunately the quality of this one was very poor .
i just keep them stacked on a counter .
two of the eight bowls had broken handles .
i am not too pleased with this purchase .
i bit into one bar and noticed something strange .
the bottom plate on my coffeemaker got seriously hot .
just go buy an $ 11 tarp from walmart .
no more costly ground pork from local grocery stores .
maybe it will get better but i doubt it .
then comes the cherry on top : it broke .
crank the heat up.you have two choices here .
pairing take about 45 seconds w/o any problems .
i have used this product for many years .
the rubber did n't fit as well as expected .
and changing the rating from 2 stars to 1 .
electric kettles are a bit pricey to my surprise .
would have been nice had these actually shown up .
i will be looking into the 24-70 2.8 .
most reviewers here say to use coarse ground coffee .
it works well indeed.the plastic ladle is just ok .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
i tried so hard to get into this game .
the buttons on this thing do not make sense .
mine came with the little red marker broken off .
we plan to use this new grill instead .
wish the cook had been a little sharper .
the hook broke within 5 minutes of use .
one wrong choice and it 's off to reload .
sound is great battery life is even better .
the oscillating mode is very smooth and quiet .
it is easy to wash and easy to use .
thanks amazon really enjoy shopping online with you all .
great for opening jars and things like that .
it took almost 6 weeks to get here .
my 9 year old daughter wanted this for christmas .
might as well load up on some colors ! .
so i think it must be the rubbery flowers .
i did by an otter box for it .
i emailed the vendor directly and received no response .
bummer , not worth the purchase price for me .
i was too upset to even return it .
really , it was more of a big mess .
i always had to wait for it to cool .
one for myself and one for my daugther .
i can not find patterns to solve the problem .
or a 4-pack of tomatoes for a couple bucks .
i like seeing the ingredient level at a glance .
the pans are all good quality and cook well .
i want to add this addendum to my review .
i tried this snack and found them very distasteful .
makes cleanup a lot easier and neater too .
same thing happened with the second one i bought .
had difficult installing but it 's a great product .
it is beautiful on both sides as pictured .
my daughter had one and recommend this to me .
i do n't know what i did without it .
you play a space marine named john dalton .
i received this pot as a bonus with purchase .
i even pulled up my slacks properly before crouching .
this case is high quality inside and out .
i would spend my money on something else .
fasy to keep clean and a real treasure .
i like that they 're good for all ages .
sony said take it to the shop in tucson .
done , next kitchen tool to research : ) .
sad to say no one will eat it .
the lids work fine if applied as instructed .
she has loved popcorn for her entire life .
it is hard to squeeze because of the spring .
very easy to use and very easy to clean .
i wish i purchased this comb long time ago .
i was very very dissapointed in this product .
so far so good - brewing coffee well .
my dog chewed right through that stupid mesh top .
the cookies cool down and i just eat them .
i wanted to take this as a magnesium supplement .
the blade is wide enough to open the shells .
i have had these for about a year .
his battery was about to wear out its welcome .
my laptop had no problem going to sleep .
this zojirushi bread machine consistently does a great job .
the larger one is more frequently used , though .
i ordered a second one for my girlfriend .
take the black plastic ring off the lid .
the cup developed a hairline crack near the rim .
it did manage to work for nearly 4 hours .
i was hoping this one would be different .
wanted to be able to use with a tablet .
i recently bought another bluetooth device from jabra .
footprint - great looking device with a great size.3 .
it 's not possible except by restarting the ds .
well worth a few extra dollars over standard irons .
i just wish it could handle more at once .
they left my skin dry where the strip was .
i have several friends that still use theirs .
the ai is always out to get you .
unfortunately the material melted while in the mail box .
i prefer that my hair move in the breeze .
i tried it with all of my chargers .
it has to be the longest movie ever .
i have to clean at least once a year.3 .
well packaged and looks like a quality item .
we are returning this unit after one use .
i am trying so hard to find something natural .
great and easy product for the samsung galaxy ii .
add egg mixture all at once to dry mixture .
i wanted a lid for my favorite cooking skillet .
i tried numerous bluetooth sets before this one .
screen is very bright and readable in direct sunlight.8 .
it has some sort of chemical taste to it .
but it very disappointed me with bad smell .
it freezes when trying to switch call back .
this is just trying to keep it looking new .
my husband uses this at least once a week .
i saw this and just had to get it .
just gave a spare to my sister too .
i paid about 29 dollars for the trunki .
the dramamine worked perfectly - these did not .
i tried cleaning the nozzle but nothing helped .
you have to throw vegetables to kill your enemies .
the quality is what i was looking for .
this thing is on a completely different level .
it is well made and designed to last .
try the lexar 32x sd card from amazon .
for the price this is an excellent case .
a few hours later i took another tablet .
stir stick breaks up air pockets and improves blending .
replaced a cheaper , leaky bottle with this one .
this is a great case for an old psp .
easy to use and the price is right .
i bought this wallet for my brother as requested .
i replaced my old 54g with this one .
i remedied that problem with some sticky tape .
i thought maybe the problem was the wrong shade .
it is unblocked so you can take it overseas .
u can cut either to micro or nano sim .
made in france.i hope this was helpful to you .
they should make this out of all metal .
i use the usb mostly and it works great .
it is good quality and fits many size pots .
this upped my capacity and provides a solid grip .
the box was slightly squished but still taped shut .
fits perfectly , just like they were supposed to .
the re2 port is just that - a port .
if i can do it , so can you .
works great at making the perfect size cookies .
it is actually the second one i ordered .
further either there is extra material at the toe .
i really wish it worked out for me .
a dremel at 30,000rpm would certainly be the fastest .
then i turned it around the other way .
the unit itself charges fully in a 2-3 hours .
i think it is just the wood 's finish .
you 'll waste your time and sweat mounting them .
i bought this for a specific baking project .
the controls just kill it , sorry to say .
i know longer have a flour mess everywhere .
i did n't think the word wow at all .
i found those to be better amazon products .
sadly , my rabbit hates these solid hay cubes .
i got it about a year 6 month ago .
i use these on large cuts of meat .
very hard to remove them to replace candle .
it also looks nice on the kitchen counter .
i like this version of a meat pounder .
we use a french press for coffee at home .
they can not be used like regular pans .
my original canner is a presto model 7b .
i have also used it for making pizza dough .
pops great and is the perfect batch size .
they will look every bit as good as these .
spend the extra money and buy a higher quality .
a lot of people are complaining about having interference .
so that is the only downside i see .
i am hard pressed to suggested this brand .
rounds out the other great all-clad products i have .
the saving grace here is the awesome design .
its like a pair of teeny boy shorts .
i bought these as a gift for my dad .
it took forever for it to ship tho .
put the cream mix into a zip-loc bag .
i got this for my chef in training daughter .
they said it sounded like i was miles away .
i got this in mail with no problems .
the rooster and sheep almost always turned out nicely .
the reviews were all good so i splurged .
cake decorating has always been a hoby for me .
my son wanted the white 4s for the holidays .
i am sure there are many others worth considering .
i will keep looking for a food shredder .
i assume there is a magnet causing this .
i would recommend any of their other products .
unit puts a very sharp durable edge on knives .
this is the reason why i sent it back .
be sure to try some before buying large quantities .
i like the look and feel of this .
bums me that i had to return it .
the harsh artificial peppermint flavor tastes exactly like mouthwash .
there are more than enough people on that bandwagon .
my dog really likes the older version much better .
this is a bad excuse for a usuable product .
and i love that it can be taken apart .
it cleans just as easy and dishwasher safe .
one month later and he 's still using it .
i put this together in about twenty minutes .
larger than i expected and happy with that .
it made my pile of cleaning supplies look tidy .
the brushes from this product broke me out .
some tips do not come with the set .
i laughed out loud when i opened it .
this product does not get rid of my tangles .
it can go from the wall to your computer .
this is a great , light weight cleaning machine .
that is not a con of the stylus however .
it fits very nicely into the 3 qt .
oh , and this was also after a shower .
this straining stockpot has proved very nice thus far .
i 've stopped cleaning it out in the sink .
i ordered this to carry a hotspot with charger .
it wo n't hold even 100 feet of 12/3 .
i find it easier to use for these reasons .
i had really expected something better from presto .
there were no apparent cracks in the base .
i have been using this to strain homemade broth .
amazon sells a 4-pack of them for $ 5.84 .
when my period was slow , it worked great .
the package of chocolate covered cashews was one clump .
it has only fell out of my ear once .
even a light spraying weighted my hair too much .
i could not use it on my phone .
on the plus side , the coffee tastes great .
so as far as this base coat goes .
there are numerous concerns about the effect on hummingbirds .
i ordered this after having read the reviews .
do n't ever let it fall over when running .
here comes the big but other reviewers have mentioned .
dry it on your stove over medium heat .
this one arrived quickly and in perfect condition .
these shears cut and clean up like a charm .
my old case holders did not work in it .
it fractured during a move so i replaced it .
this little sweeper works so great in the beginning .
the end is rather smushy , and easily stripped .
when they say no stick they mean it .
i 've had good luck with other macally gear .
and i do drink it black , no sugar .
we decided the discard the remainder of the bottle .
many sets are available for half or less .
material is rough and uncomfortable and never stays inflated .
i went to turn it on today and nothing .
i suspect it is not lined up exact .
it retails $ 9.99 at target or similar stores .
dont try doing it by hand force alone .
as configured took forever to reach a boil .
however , she is 17 years old and picky .
so i replaced it with a new one .
once assembled it seems sturdy and decent quality .
then the charger broke and would n't charge thing .
that gets everything hot before the coffee brews .
it attaches to the actual blackberry charging device .
our daughter got this phone in her easter basket .
this came with more storage than i was expecting .
it amazes me how self destructive people are .
it also fits the 12 inch everyday pan .
i cant match my skin tone with their stuff .
also they are great quality in my opinion .
absolutely none ! i have very dry mature skin .
look a 1000 times cooler than these do .
this is also the case with my pal .
as an old lsl an sierra in general fan .
it just did n't win us over at all .
do yourself a favor and do some research .
i purchased the phone from verizon , not amazon .
what did i expect for less than $ 6 .
the smallest one was a perfect fit for me .
these jeans were too tight and very long .
the vacuum seal on the carafe has failed .
i 'm seeing more and more tunnels every day .
buy a smaller quantity first thought to be sure .
these dont fit like a regular men 's t-shirt .
this nokia dc-4 mobile charger fits the nokia e63 .
ca n't wait to stop buying pasta all together .
i took it back shortly after buying it .
these make great little night lights for the kids .
lots of movement to get it just right.3 .
is it well engineered with quality construction ? yes .
not horrible but not exciting.the gameplay is weak .
i can strongly recommend this brand and model .
the product was well packaged and arrived on time .
it did not wash well with the tassles .
i am not a fan of this product .
this has got to be the smallest head ever .
it will also randomly crash every minute or two .
this was my 15th screen replacement or so .
the mesh doorway was no match for her claws .
these are made by wilton and very good quality .
bought two for my ikea stainless double sink .
my suggestion here is tht you do the same .
i had stopped taking concentrace during this time .
you can get under the eggs without breaking them .
this is not too heavy and works just great .
the case just has a scratch on it now .
there are too many grahams to be individually wrapped .
this one looked fancy and the gel sounded comfortable .
it was so loud we could hear it inside .
i have other company whey that taste better .
no problems noted as of yet with this product .
does a great job on upholstery and carpet spots .
then the conditioner left my hair feeling like straw .
this was a super first cake decorating kit .
guess it 's off to the trash with it .
i have already charged many different batteries with it .
unfortunately it is n't for sale here on amazon .
these covered saucepans are very handy for different purposes .
i have two big dogs and one little one .
the steel is of utmost quality and sharpness .
volume good but too low in loud environments .
this armband is the best i have bought .
their lifetime warranty is a bunch of rubbish .
this started within 12-15 months of being new .
it has that awful protein smell and after taste .
my sister said they were a bit bland .
frosted lipstick shows every little line on your lips .
this time it died within just two months .
where it sat slightly creased is already cracked .
also my kids have used them with play dough .
i played this with my children 6 to 9 .
it said nothing about that in the product description .
there is no linking areas to travel between .
i am happy to report that they are not .
it did not enhance any of the thickness .
the flowers are more like little hoses than sprinklers .
ive had this pan for a long time now .
i really love it with other foods as well .
however , this game is specifically aimed towards kids .
adds less bulk than i thought it would .
i have ordered more than one of these .
there is a big difference between sharpening and honing .
and the disks slip in and out easily .
my iphone constantly falls out of the holster .
there are a few that state my dislike .
looks like it should cost more than it does .
the skillet is good when cooking for one .
but the construction of this thing is barely acceptable .
wore them twice and sold them on ebay .
this is the protection i was looking for .
these were not made for a male human body .
it could easily serve 2,3 or even 4 people .
i will have to try another type next time .
my best advise is buy some other theething item .
i think 2 of them are even lost .
this popper is simple , and easy to use .
i do n't find it enjoyable for that reason .
but other than that , there are no complaints .
i suppose you get what you pay for .
you can also grill veggies along with the meat .
i purchased some special mountain honey as a gift .
2 stars only because it does what it claims .
could not clean whatever gunk was on the case .
the ones i received has a straight plug .
low volume and no way to disable vocalist service .
i really like the quality of this screen .
the pockets are great for organizing one 's things .
i love this cookware and i love this skillet .
the helicopters are easy to control and very durable .
the bass is truly one of a kind .
iphone feels huge and cludgy next to it .
it lasted only 3 months before it started malfunctioning .
amazon & seller did a great job as usual .
not the quality i thought they would be .
cleaning is so much more convenient with these tools .
the can opener does n't even touch the food .
i was extremely excited to test it out .
so much for listening to music while i mow .
my daughter wanted this so bad for christmas .
they came in fast and im stil using them .
for the most part this works very well .
i charged it as instructed and began use .
she was able to hear and easily hold it .
the ammo rattles in the handle but who cares .
after about ten minutes the barking continued as usual .
unfortunately the same is true for the videogame .
a great alternative to buying overpriced cables from apple .
i am going to look for an alternative .
i use mine 2 or 3 times a day .
this one fits perfectly and is well made .
there are tons of uses for this accessory .
item was also received with wrong installation pieces .
although it does still work without removing the case .
the color is more pale than in the picture .
they feel twisted when i have them on .
i used this with a samsung galaxy s2 .
these batteries are in the original sony pack .
the wok or this just did n't work together .
this little vacuum can handle all of it .
the product is made of very cheap plastic .
well a bad game can have a good cover .
never slipped off or moved once placed on .
the other i use for smaller tupperware and lids .
it degraded the quality of my images too much .
i do biz with 'the oem shop ' now .
i doubt they will ever make a cdma version .
seemed like refined coconut oil not extra virgin .
we got two of these for our girls .
the 1st one worked so well i bought another .
i used it to wax my daughters car .
the wheel itself is super sharp and substantial .
it is very loose and comes unattached frequently .
i 've had more problems with the plastic corks .
everything worked fine until i tasted the coffee .
replaced the first and the next failed also .
i think they changed the formula in some way .
i first used this at my father 's house .
this is the 2nd ronco that i have purchased .
i would purchase another kitchenaid product without any hesitation .
i then tried the moshi and it was wonderful .
the built-in flashlight is just icing on the cake .
easy to put together and appears to be sturdy .
it controls going to the next and previous tracks .
it really seems to charge my phone better .
place that atop the chute to catch wayward beans .
after a season , i had to replace it .
i wish i could have those 15 min .
i am quite enamoured with this little utensil .
typing and texting faster and with fewer errors .
i purchased both the slotted and non slotted types .
the eggs are just as the indicator says .
i had one of these for about 18 months .
it will charge up your phone in no time .
she responds as soon as you finish talking .
i should have read the comments as well .
i hesitated many years to buy cast iron .
there are no moire patterns or rainbow effect artifacts .
have not had problems with glitter flaking off either .
i purchased this item , and just love it .
i had to save the game every 5 minutes .
but i do not reccomend it to anyone .
if your vaccum is weak get a new one .
at first i was excited about this product .
many dish detergents wo n't get the job done .
every day i use it to make bread .
it seems to fall out of the vacuum/beater bar .
this is the original and simply the best .
if not , i may dock it a star .
i have just about all the different sizes .
we are targetting young innocent little girls here .
well made and really does the job , but .
they sit nicely on the counter and pour easily .
all the stuff you are n't supposed to do .
i mean heavy , complete with liners and armor .
very happy with the purchase and would recommend .
well made with a nice heavy duty power cord .
their prenatal vitamins were good but not these .
high quality and sturdy for lobster and crab mealtime .
i use them often for all types of recipes .
for the price this machine brews some amazing espresso .
i would recommend using it especailly for the price .
she had no issues with the case at all .
well , this is doing absolutely nothing for me .
it did n't even hold up to 10mph winds .
i have no compliants about thie sauce pan .
yawn : another mass market brand of beef jerky .
these make the process much easier and cleaner .
there was no need to scream to be heard .
so this is not just my phone issue .
this is durable and love the rotating case .
seems like most either like or hate it .
great little biscuit cutters and no rust so far .
works great with a gophone plan for iphone .
much better deal than infinity oem speaker stands .
i would not recommend this version of the game .
and my kids use the imac the most .
so one was for him and one for me .
its small size makes it easy to store .
on the bright side , the vcr works perfectly .
i have been using these for last 4 years .
it works for a while , then peters out .
great idea but not recomended for small animals .
not interested in neither android , ios or blackberry .
overall just a frustrating game especially for single play .
only the party leader can use their eidolon .
: pthis immersion blender rocks for a few reasons .
they sent me a nice paella pan by mistake .
i had all kinds of problem using this thing .
i use this one the most , by far .
i used this overnight with my apple ipod touch .
but , i was disappointed when i tried it .
i like the design concept of this phone case .
what the full fucntion of this unit was .
he has an iphone 4 with an otterbox .
get some good fence nippers , they work better .
for some reason it is slightly more comfortable too .
this pair i can get away with i believe .
that 's when the veneer began to peel up .
they know it was shipped to amazon.com for sale .
another potential buyer turned away because of this .
there was a lot to like about this headset .
it was broken and unsafe by july 2012 .
wish i would have just saved my money .
it is however a little big and bulky .
apparently i have developed some early signs of diabetes .
this is a typically nice holster from rim .
great product worked perfect with my blackberry torch .
but i just will not be buying this again .
however , it seems overpriced for what it does .
then put the lid on and spin away .
i am not sure what happened with this bottle .
unbelievably well packed - arrived in perfect condition ! .
i have extended batteries , but also extended use .
there is one major flaw with this case .
i have been disappointed by cell phone cases before .
sounds as good as my book shelf stereo system .
two ipods and two ports equals two happy boys .
these roller rings are perfect for shower curtains .
if you like stevia drinks you may like this .
wilton has always been known for their quality products .
this is an excellent pan at a great price .
you also have to play each of them .
definitely took my kitchen up a notch : ) .
i did not return item due to low cost .
this de boles pasta has a really weird aftertaste .
long probe to penetrate deep in the meat .
now my phone works like it is new .
they have drawn blood on one too many occasions .
it took me a while to connect the dots .
i needed a pan with deep and straight sides .
it does not work for cheddar at all .
my stainless can handle the oven or broiler .
it could be a problem on either end .
thankfully , many lids fit more than one pot .
finally some good screen protectors ! went on perfectly .
i tendto hear that sound when speaking with girls .
boiling water totally kills weeds and is non-toxic .
i bought mine on ebay for a semi-fair price .
i thought red alert was a pretty fun game .
it also adds some style to your droid .
i 've been really happy with it so far .
i have found a case that i can love .
the only thing that really works is prescription hormones .
stiff and coarse , it feels like fine-grade sandpaper .
wonderful to have if your like decorating cakes .
i use the same birdseed in all of them .
most measuring cups do not come with that size .
it would probably drive me nuts if i did .
despite the port breaking it gets 5ive stars .
the rubber bit along the straight-away prevents slips ! .
i ordered this specifically to match my white iphone .
2 stars for being small which is good .
as for comments that it is hard to clean .
i loved getting to level 3 and confronting ed-209 .
this is a quality product at a cheap price .
you really cheaped out what was a great design .
the pans are great , they stack so nicely .
this green mountain sumatran was bitter and lifeless .
my hair felt so disgusting after using this .
and omg i am so glad i ordered it .
pairing it with my iphone was a snap .
bottles for your 2 gallon batch of mr .
but most of the time it is fine .
these jeans behave like shrink to fit jeans .
this product did absolutely nothing for my bad breath .
l need larger sizes than this set offers .
but my children are very upset when it falls .
after that i started tested a different configurations .
it was a waste of time and money .
easy clean-up and the amazon price is great .
now the system is offline for all users.2 .
love this product and the ice cream it makes .
i like the pans and the quality of them .
my phone is defenetly safer with the protector .
i have looked for years for something like these .
i have only tried the basic egg noodle/pasta recipe .
it is very strong and has good silage .
carpet is nearly dry when done.cons : short cord .
would not buy them again at any price .
it will get a good workout in my kitchen .
on an older timex that would never happen .
the next tour should have this all ironed out .
i wish they would have made it more stronger .
i like the 18 '' for more splattery cooking/frying .
i like this style brushed stainless steel square look .
hard tasteless organic apples appearing in my grocery store .
this item was sold as a belkin gold cable .
for me , it barely lasted half a day .
he wanted an orange phone cover and loves it .
works great as a headset for my computer .
we are going to get rid of this toy .
it is thin , but the price was right .
like perfume that costs $ 1.99 for 16 oz .
you will like the bowl i assure you .
i was eager to try these head phones .
it was the worse 250 dollars i ever spend .
it was the same as not wearing anything .
too old for all that silly stuff of survival .
my time is worth more then their hassles .
i have had this product for over a year .
a good battery charger delivers 1.2 amps of current .
they hurt my ears even at low volume .
which is good because he is an aggressive chewer .
now there 's more room in my utensil drawer .
it 's not that far off by this point .
with tax they are way cheaper than from amazon .
hand wash did not keep this from feeling uncomfortable .
great for washing potatoes or washing glasses and bottles .
this is a mesh similar to a sifter .
it will crease almost immediately and rubs off .
my only complaint was putting it together was annoying .
here are a couple of things to remember:1 .
this is the second i get of this one .
i think i will likely throw them out .
less expensive plugs tend to break at that point .
would charge my iphone twice on one charge .
it can only be worn on your right ear .
this was my first cooker and it worked great .
get this it was for no apparent reason .
pairing it with my phone was standard procedure .
the pills that these probiotics come in are huge .
but i have to admit you 're the first .
the price was good but the product was not .
but the cord of the phone is too small .
it still has the wonderful catnip smell and attraction .
i had the best customer service experience from tilia .
i wanted something that could keep it 's support .
i 've been using it for about 9 months .
then we each paired our helmets with our phones .
it 's a comforting smell in an old boot .
they could not care less about their customers .
and the belt wont fit around me anyway .
i do n't see how dogs could like it .
and even vacuuming and dusting was n't cutting it .
love the color it gives to my frosting .
it 's lightweight and feels good in the hand .
it came in record time in perfect condition .
i had to return this shortly after i bought .
horrific.the world itself is gorgeous though very constrained .
great price and the product looks like the picture .
spent hours of messing around with this thing .
having two tanks makes changing the water much easier .
if you are not able , refund the price .
none of my cats would touch this stuff .
the amazon one was about twice as expensive .
pump mechanism is chrome-finish plastic , but well made .
after many years , they needed to be replaced .
will look elsewhere next time i purchase this item .
they work great directly on the grill too .
i have not had any problems with it .
i used this product in a unique way .
but i took this once and threw it away .
i should have read the review before mine .
i bought this waffle iron about 6 months ago .
you always have to map it some function here .
one or two seconds does not sound like much .
it is the secret ingredient in professional-looking decorating .
the lids are very durable and holds tight .
seemed like a decent deal at the time .
you just wipe it off and put it away .
and then simply died one day last week .
after playing several rounds of that i gave up .
coffee gtf2-1 basket-style gold tone permanent filter a try .
i gave this red grill pan as a gift .
it also charges my blue tooth ear phones properly .
near them and you will get years of service .
it is about as basic as basic gets .
this product provides great protection for your phone .
it did come with an extra squeaker though .
yes , it straightened but the texture was awful .
pls i love the simple design of it .
certainly no faster than plugging it into a wall .
stereo function works well for all but serious audiophiles .
i have purchased many of the kitchenaid attachments .
the spoons are not magnetic and are fairly light .
do n't think we are the few unlucky ones .
sugar is the first ingredient on the list .
not happy about the center stone at all .
might work well if you were using bluetooth .
great cover just wish it stop sliding off .
i will continue to use now female balance .
its is a lot small than i was expecting .
imagine my surprise when the diarrhea never went away .
the non-stick surface makes it the perfect rice-making saucepan .
the other dog seemed about the same too .
i 'm also lowering my rating by one star .
i 'm using it with my htc evo 3d .
i also like the feel of the handle .
the seal is tight and it does n't leak .
but does not provide any volume or length .
the ones i use just for baking are pristine .
it does not double your service days though .
voice commands through an app/widget is good as well .
not attractive and not suitable to serve to guests .
i agree with the previous reviewer of this game .
been wearing gold toe socks for over ten years .
i changed this from 3 stars to 2 stars .
too thick and warm for warmer weather climates .
these do not remind me of pretzels at all .
i was really excited to try this lotion out .
very satisfied with this and well worth the money .
its a pain in the butt to use .
this is a great cord for the money .
this is my fourth cuisinart coffee maker to fail .
it would be scary if the cards fell out .
the plug and play installation is a snap .
the instructions to set it correctly was unmanageable .
sound is good , so far lacks noise distortion .
this case is far from what i expected .
you can even make yogurt cheese out of it .
these steel cups are very nice and sturdy .
if so , i will revise my review accordingly .
same experience as everyone else who talks about it .
basically , this is the cadillac of muffin pans .
just grab the old filter and pull it out .
screw holes are scooped out for nice level surface .
unfortunately the plastic cracked 3 mos into use .
great as a space saving option for pants .
nice if you want to make and give gifts .
this is a great addition to the kitchen .
i like this device better than my jabra clipper .
wish it was all clear with no frosting .
you can just fit few extra memory sticks .
we have been using this coffee maker daily .
so i 'm reducing the rating by one star .
remove the center screw with a t20 torque bit .
molybdenum is expensive and is getting more scarce .
its only a small circle for the status light .
and here i thought waffle makers were all equal .
but last year my garage went up in flames .
the mixing sound is not an annoying one .
now i know why each cup is 100 calories .
just find a brand who 's flavor you like .
great for phone repair or and small electronics .
but that does n't slow the cooking at all .
they are going in the trash - lesson learned .
what i like most was it 's large capacity .
they 're lightweight and the handles are very slip-resistant .
too bulky for anyone with a real business sense .
the replacement back cover is also high quality .
i tend to buy gold toe socks whenever possible .
they work wonderfully on short bread and regular doughs .
i use it for baking with no issues .
the cut outs are bigger than the hard case .
this machine makes ice-cream making so much fun .
a couple years ago i drank this every day .
i am not sure where they come from.4 .
product arrived missing the green 1200 grit stone .
cr clearly did n't test it for very long .
the belt clip and straps are really good .
also your stuck in the car driving around .
these are infinitely better than my old loaf pans .
the numbers are nice and clear and big .
tried two times and was not satisfied either time .
easy to dock one handed , difficult to remove2 .
i unplugged the toaster and it worked after that .
i was sent a email stating order was canceled .
they offer various sizes to suit your needs .
i 'll probably add some stained glass panels myself .
look at some of their other products though .
the clasp is one of the cheapest clasp available .
it fits nicely into kong and keeps dasher busy .
i took 1 sip and had to dump it .
my friends didnt believe it until they saw it .
i returned it the same day i bought it .
it 's a really handy size to have around .
she mostly carries the thing around here and there .
these headphones are trash when it comes to durabilty2 .
i can appreciate the expensive domatcha organic first harvest .
but at least save this one for a rental .
wok performs like the day i unpacked it .
this game is the worst of all rpg 's .
in conclusion smackdown 2 is the better buy .
what a waste of waiting time and money .
when i first received this product i was ecstatic .
works when the ipad is both vertical or horizontal .
i am now on my third of these can-openers .
what i opened with it was glass jars .
he had this treat ball for 8 years .
they used them with dual voltage camera battery chargers .
it is played in the third person view .
i bought my first scanpan over 10 years ago .
i would rate this case at 4.5 stars .
it might mysteriously disappear from our puzzle shelf .
this is my favorite screen protector for my incredible .
my grand daughter could not walk in them .
this cover will protect your investment for years .
other reviews are true regarding the glare : ( .
the title of this review says it all .
after 2 tries , it went into the garbage .
i should have examined the picture more closely .
this is a normal wood set for everyday use .
i wonder if it is normal at all .
sometimes they fall off but they are easily reattached .
mountek 's ngroove is unlikely to suffer such problems .
the back-up charger gave my cell life as described .
but no she hates it , waste of money .
on boot up it found and connected the mouse .
have been using them regularly for a couple years .
i had also given them straight plug adapters .
i use it for cleavage of vegetables and meat .
i do tend to be impatient at times .
i will complete the review after the trip .
i 've had this case for over a year .
before buying this i also auditioned the big jambox .
there are plenty of other trimmer options out there .
i chose this one because of the top reviews .
i love that it is small and compact .
it was too thick and did not spread well .
it does not come anywhere near resembling corned beef .
it is a real handful to hold this peppermill .
this is not what i had in mind .
it is fun to discover how useful this is .
i dropped it several times and it never broke .
the design should be given some sort of award .
the warning in the manual is not adequate .
keep in mind you press down on the top .
the co-op aspect is n't really used that often .
these adapters either work or they do n't work .
the case came and it was an olive color .
by the second set i discovered the perfect amount .
again , this is a real piece of junk .
the kind that snaps and cracks very easily .
it had no place on an adventure rpg .
i am very happy with this cordless vacuum .
upon receiving it i was happy with its construction .
it seems eyepiece thread was not there or broken .
it fell apart before i finished applying wax .
the application of cream and powder is just terrible .
case came very fast and in excellent condition .
it looked kinda fun while reading the description .
loose leaf tea works very well in this .
i wish the seller advertised the product more properly .
brings back razor edge to knife in only seconds .
a great buy and the quality is good .
i like the fact it is dishwasher safe .
but they are either 90 or 100 lumens .
but even with that i am happy with them .
or move fast ant try to end the level .
those pellets that fit snugly generally fire true .
i bought this because it was on the dr .
that product seems too awesome to be bad .
do not expect top quality for this item .
i love bows , this was a great case .
this one is pretty good for a littly guy .
now consinder that the canister isnt small either .
at least brush 3 to 4 times a week .
not true.i taste zero unwanted flavors in this coffee .
if i could give this 0 stars i would .
i would recommend this for anyone who skypes .
i suggest drilling weep holes in the bottom .
when i received the littermate it did not work .
the depth barely covers the top of my feet .
this shampooer really does as good as described .
it does a perfect job on my cheeses .
have superior graphics to a ps1 game from 1999 .
or go wild and sprinkle cinnamon on it ! .
there are a few good things about this game .
and it weighed my hair to the extreme .
i like the way the case feels and looks .
the machine is lightweight relative to the size .
i love all of my cases i purchased .
jumped right offi ca n't return it either so .
this is a very nice pan with rolled edge .
search reviews for key words like your phone manufacturer .
i thought we would give it a try .
too small to even think of trying on .
check other reviews before using with win7 64 bit .
my husband purchased this for me several months ago .
i specifically ordered it for it 's small size .
for an off contract price this phone is amazing .
not a big deal to most people , though .
the castle and the accompanying pieces are so flimsy .
one person immediately exclaimed that it smelled like cake .
it is so great and takes so little .
i sent emails no response.when will get this product .
i did not like this make up at all .
the package simply does not have much protection .
the control scheme is frustratingly awkward as well .
lovely little earrings , with the emphasis on little .
water heated to the right temperature helps too .
the original from apple slides in with no problem .
i have used them for wine and olive oil .
i had no trouble setting the phone up initially .
i just thought this was a fantastic price .
i love these beans and have bought them before .
but i should have heeded the reviews about flimsiness .
i am very pleased with this sturdy pan .
doing a 2 lb loaf however works much better .
long file transfers from the living room are iffy .
it is almost impossible to clean the blades .
he is crazy about the taste of the product .
i also object to the 22 grams of sugar .
but the meat and hamburger taste very good .
it actually looks duller than it used to .
the battle system is completely boring and overly hard .
this is a rim product with the blackberry logo .
this one fit the bill and works well .
if it 's managed to stay on my face .
once for overnight grits and once for bean soup .
i had to drain and clean it everyday .
getting the lid off is another major production .
i found that it has a short battery life .
you are better off with a seat wedge.3 .
i was very surprised how powerful this model is .
it is a great single cup coffee maker .
it is easy to read and accurate no problems .
i 'm using this with an older mot v330 .
bought to transfer photos out of my samsung phone .
those work great and the photos are much cheaper .
he ended up hacking them up later : ( .
do yourself a favor andgrab a different usb charger.~rusty .
this is a very strange type of lotion .
it has been doing it 's job just fine .
things cook evenly and the pans clean up easily .
i am going to give them one more chance .
hours on hold , sent to level two support .
what lousy quality control this company must have .
i love the color and quality of the dinnerware .
not sure how long they have stored the product .
it is a really good case and very thin .
i have used canon eos for over a decade .
get the cobalt neotherm or the jager eheim .
was worried about licking and not getting from vet .
i bought this product and it wasnt the real .
i will definitely be buying more pyrex soon .
the tongue of the shoes were sewed wrong .
this is easy to use and works perfectly .
the handle on it screwed into the plate .
a very high quality machine that produces consistent results .
other than that , it makes popcorn pretty well .
they tried to say my flashlight was defective .
product is well made and hopefully long lasting .
it seemed to break me out after using .
i did not see the new red ones improve .
i think they get more out of it .
i used this exact kettle for around 10 yrs .
effect is too small to be significant.second update .
item is very comfortable and lightweight on the ear .
i purchased the set of shampoo and conditioner .
very nice and the baskets slide easily too .
great way to keep butter on your counter .
i opened a package and the treats were moldy .
i was insanely disapointed with this bb cream .
i am super happy with this carpet cleaner .
anything that can be usb powered/changed works with it .
i am looking forward to making more very soon .
just that this one is a lot worse .
it does n't play in time to the bow .
it is n't perfect but it works just great .
so now it just sits in my closet .
this thing protected my phone like no other .
no feel for real growth in my character .
so now we have two with one probe .
i volunteer my time cleaning at a cat rescue .
great color , my husband loves it so far .
it was not a very helpful or convenient product .
it 's hard to stay on for my infant .
i have not seen any even slight difference .
z.z.top seem to be driving one monster truck .
as far as bread baking goes they work well .
fake comes in clean plastic container , nothing more .
i would get this instead of in-ear bluethooth device .
the scrapper scratched all my plates as well.very disappointed .
i love my pro 6 ka stand mixer .
the color is more intense than the flavor .
i ordered it and it came really fast .
sucked me in with their myth about quality .
i 've had some issues with wear on these .
it did exactly what we wanted it to do .
this is a nicely constructed and attractive stainless funnel .
opening the spout to pour is a little difficult .
this product came with everything i need and more .
i have more of a problem with the texture .
7 months was well worth the price i paid .
this is really a multi-purpose tool for me .
as an alternative try out the nautica relaxed jean .
it also leaves a gritty feeling on my teeth .
none of them would charge using this cord .
these merchants should not play games like this .
mirror was distorted and product was cheaply made plastic .
it is easy to handle when cutting up food .
i ordered two more to have on hand .
it should connect cleanly as other battery chargers do .
i just trusted when they said it was safe .
when i ordered i believed large meant large .
same good quality you expect from a farberware product .
my only disappointment is that the its not oem .
so do n't expect them to last that long .
i bought this and thought it was decent .
they took one bite and never touch them again .
i have not been able to use it yet .
i returned it with a prepaid label from amazon.com .
i placed my order on jan 4th from seller1on1 .
bought this for my grandson for his birthday .
this fits the bill and the price is right .
and please ladies , do not use too much .
sometimes it gets wild and just ca n't reconnect .
the townsfolk have their set schedules that they follow .
now you need to find a song to play .
we used these for christmas lights last year .
cute colors but too tight around the thighs .
kept water hot enough for coffee for 12 hours .
this rack makes quick clean up a priority .
it seems more irritating than the older modles .
it was n't even to me worth the rent .
might also be good in my whole grain pancakes .
i hand-wash mine because i am continually using it .
they last about 3 months with once daily use .
i think consoles are the way to go .
you can wring the grease out of it .
i think using beta-blockers worked better for me .
i think it looks ok , but not great .
can not do the same kind of kneading etc .
i am a big fan of fit flop sandals .
so it can handle a hot to cold surface .
if that works i will buy a second one .
first , you may need to adjust the arm .
i have n't found a replacement i like yet .
the first one didnt but this recent one did .
i put the product in my hair as described .
the whisk is very sturdy and easy to employ .
i really like the idea of wireless headsets .
we purchased this for our two new guinea pigs .
it was inexpensive and is so simple to use .
this shoe feels very comfortable and is padded well .
there really is n't anything great about this game .
comes with an applicator and a little cloth .
bought two and they were both too small .
the best wine opener i have ever used .
the quests are fun and grouping is fun .
i have another one but a different color .
i bought this mainly for shredding cole slaw .
this twirl whisk is deceptively powerful and versatile .
if they are higher ranked , you avoid them .
my droid pro fits well in this armband .
this is a nice and sturdy pizza wheel .
i ordered a large that is what i wear .
always watch for stainless steel for kitchen devices .
the build quality on these is really good .
save your money and look for something else .
i started as directed with one capsule a day .
all are very comfortable except for this model .
it does an excellent job of cooking frozen pizzas .
my wife loves it and gets lots of compliments .
then i turn the whole pan upside down .
maybe its because i 'm too use to classics .
the design is much more comfortable that i expected .
chinchillas should never have playthings made of plastic .
this charger was exactly what the doctor ordered .
spend the money and get the better ones .
it handles it like a champ so far .
those wrap around the ear arms are the worst .
its a tad bit more , but not expensive .
my husband and i love this pizza oven .
drip tips not sharp enough to bark knuckles .
you can charge through wall outlet or pc .
prefer to have it without a screen protector .
they may cost more but are worth the extra .
i bought this maker after reading reviews on forums .
no big kettle and hot water to deal with .
what i can say about the juicers are that:1 .
this is basically a glorified foam dart gun .
then i replaced it because of some scratches .
unfortunately she wanted nothing to do with it .
the toy itself is fine and is as advertised .
the thing bleeds out in about 10 minutes .
good case and does everything a case should .
plus they match our cristal d'arques longchamp 5-3/4-ounce goblets .
it seemed impossible that it could be so heat-resistant .
i was not happy about it at all .
with the kitchen aid fga that is all solved .
i hate that it is so light weight .
i wanted black so i bought them here .
quick ship no issues with product works great .
for when you want to socialize and hack noggins .
making them less obnoxious to store than similar products .
after a few hours , my hair is oily .
the posts are short and hurt my ears .
i like to change my cases up a lot .
i mean it was the smallest one they made .
this product is very grainy and sits on skin .
household junk i know is in my kitchen somewhere .
makes awesome waffles , about 7 minutes to cook .
i have a droid bionic and really like it .
i really love the motorola bluetooth in-car speaker phone .
will probably be sending this back for that reason .
i have the ultra max brita water container .
this was not an enjoyable puzzle at all .
ended up selling it on a garage sale .
after so many complaints this thing should get recalled .
seems to hold up to moderate use just fine .
but it 's not because of the game itself .
will most likely pick up a couple more .
dialog without contractions is rigid & false sounding .
therefore making the 21mph wind noise cancellation useless .
i was really excited to try the wave artist .
and the outside is not hot to the touch .
wilton should consider packing them in larger quantities .
i was willing to order 2 additional replacements .
my grandchildren love for me to get it out .
but , it is only 3 inches in length .
trying to follow a play was also impossible .
the 2 pens that work however , are excellent .
those are a heck of a lot cheaper too .
for the great amazon price it was worth it .
belkin makes good stuff and this reflects that .
a seam ripper or xacto will cut the thread .
lines have the appearance of ballpoint ink but erasable .
the blade is not sharp enough to cut tendon .
i also have the foodsaver tubing and fittings .
hope that this works better for someone else .
due to the type of work we do .
also could not get exchange to route to gmail .
i guess you get what you pay for .
it will not protect from drops or spills .
i like to use it for scrambled eggs .
product is not as effective as the tablets .
not to mention the poor controls and crappy graphics .
so much for the durability.there were n't many features .
either way for the price just buy it ! .
i did not actually use this surge protector .
the basic premise of the game is a blast .
this is what i call great customer service .
this is an easy to grip , sturdy scoop .
support line was busy every time i called .
you do n't have enough time to regain health .
now i can oven roast potatoes or anything else .
they are also non-stick which makes clean-up fast .
these cables did not do the trick for me .
it is easy to clean and easy to store .
demonstration of it not fitting is on youtube .
which is just what i was hoping for .
this is not the fault of shop deals usa .
these are so beautiful & fun to use .
not good for travel because it 's so bulky2 .
this means its not going to fall out .
i would tell someone else about this item .
the power cord kind of sags in the socket .
i use these at least once a day .
priced just right , nothing but good so far .
there'sway too much cinnamon and very littlevanilla taste .
i nabbed one for only $ 15 on ebay .
i 'm switching back to neutrogena rapid tone repair .
tried everything and i work in an i.s .
this tool comes with one notch on it .
it smells good and acts like a conditionner .
the bristles on this do-dad are tough and sturdy .
i ordered this table for a lego table .
depth is much nicer than the standard 2 in .
i owned this product for almost 24 hours .
i have to have my coffee very hot .
got this as i am doing the atkins diet .
i have tried other brand that actually works .
this was delivered without the stylus or screen protectors .
my kid liked it for about an hour .
i received the rings within a very few days .
constant hiss and loss of signal when moving .
these nail clippers leave my nails very sharp .
this wo n't work for larger batches of coffee .
the product is several cuts below sunny delight .
i 'm so happy i ordered a second bowl .
the 3rd person flying mode is also uninteresting .
it fades out the moment you apply it .
boxed well so they 're not all smashed up .
i beg to differ with other positive reviews here .
still serviceable - but i wanted a new one .
it is sturdy and a beautiful shade of red .
shame on green & black for false advertising .
this is a real deal mortar and pestle .
have you seen the ingredients in pet food ? .
then contact sharp and go on from there .
the pattern is lovely and not too busy .
got 2 bunnies and got these as a treat .
we 've had this toy for about a year .
paired them with my computer and ancient bluetooth adapter .
i gave the can to my teenager to finish .
to top it off the case is a mess .
not at all impressed with this tool kit .
the claim of noise-reduction is also true to form .
that 's why i bought this product for help .
reticle selector broke/seized after a couple of turns .
not a cost beneficial position for washing dishes.ccw .
that are smooth feeling and not rough brushed .
she really enjoyed cooking her christmas cakes in it .
and i only used the product for the application .
i would skip these and get magformers instead .
i am on the fence whether to return it .
they make you go through the entire process anyway .
again , not what i expect from this company .
can not keep it inserted in meat while cooking .
a switch on the side is for bluetooth pairing .
but they never lasted for more than a week .
these edges also block the mic and other ports .
not bad at all for something getting daily use .
my conair from wal-mart is superior to this .
the phone constantly freezes and needs to be rebooted .
but for now it is on my wishlist .
the battery life is great to say the least .
use the other vacuum to suck them away .
a drop of water did not go inside .
i had pretty high hopes for the busy bone .
i bought this to remove tartar off my cats'teeth .
i installed the new driver with no change .
i would think twice if your interested in purchasing .
just marginal discomfort from having to wear them .
i finally stepped up and got excellent knives .
i have had no mechanical problems or leaking problems .
i use the whip the most , so far .
a light wipe with a dry paper towel works .
i could n't believe what this thing picked up .
also need lime for mahitos and cuba libras .
this ripped in three places when putting in on .
more importantly , this thing scratches up very quickly .
the stone2 forces me to make an adaptation .
even on low this crock cooked everything too fast .
only bc he drops his phone all the time .
very sturdy bowls that fit nicely inside each other .
works well and seems to have even heat .
i recommend you purchase chef mate 's oil sprayer .
if you love espresso then try this little maker .
i had great hopes when i began this game .
thank goodness it did n't take out an eye .
also , this battery is extremely easy to use .
i have no complaints about this range finder .
the star on the front turns and clicks .
this one is easy to use and it works .
perfect fit & gets two to three days life .
steaks keep a long time and still taste good .
not enough time to get red dot adjusted .
however , my issues are with the seller themselves .
the spring loaded door is not closing as tightly .
i also use it anytime i need boiled water .
the fabrics glide over this cover with ease .
this was your ordinary chilled coffee and cream drink .
my keurig b70 that is 1 1/2 yrs .
it 's not just about adding halls and doors .
yes the outside gets hot they all did .
excellent hot coffee in about 3- 4 minutes .
i have no complaints whatsoever about the suction .
big it 's difficult to remove or apply it .
i got this for my girlfriend who homebrews .
i hope the adjustment in size will work .
i do n't really trust the two-part/snap together cases .
follow the instructions and you should have no problem .
half the mice did n't have the rattler inside2 .
it made my hair very stringy and dry .
intense scrubbing with a dish brush does not work .
i have owned this mandoline for 3 years .
you can use it with a case too ! .
so , once again i asked for a replacement .
i was not pleased at all with this purchase .
a waste of money if you ask me .
nothing special to make up for the above faults.5 .
the plastic mounts feel like they will break .
i have a cat - not named spot .
this case is not bad but not sturdy .
i purchased this bissel quicksteamer about six weeks ago .
there are improvements of course but not by much .
not worth spending the time or energy to return .
amazon price is great on open stock pieces .
he really has n't shown much interest in it .
it only gets 3 stars for fun because honestly .
but i love it and its actually protective .
this did not work for grooming my bichon frise .
i use windows xp and this product is awesome .
it is uninspired and not motivating at all .
it could have been shipped just in the envelope .
the food smells very much like plain cooked meat .
what a difference in the evenness of the cooking .
we like the sweet potato fries much better .
i think with perfumes you get bad batches sometimes .
save your money and look for another mixer .
lots of cooking room , and easy to clean .
in other words , i have very sensitive skin .
last summer , i reviewed thesportcraft ladderballwith my sons .
nowhere near the grand description on the web page .
annoying.- the rubber earbud covers are not durable .
i bought these for my 4 year old son .
was great the first few days , then disappointment .
i bought this game because of its great reviews .
mounted it up on the wall - nope .
the recipe says the batter will have some lumps .
it should be thoroughly washed before its initial use .
i purchase this for a backup at work .
i do n't think i will buy it again .
this product was rated highly in cook 's illustrated .
let my children take it to their homes .
they are one reason i chose this skillet .
i do plan on buying more in the future .
im not sure its all that water proof .
no signs of falling apart any time soon .
i was hoping for a minty coco flavor .
these add a nice touch to the shower curtain/rod .
this is our very first problem with it .
when it is running , it always stalls out .
the voyager pro+ is a very close second .
some users out there report that the handle melts .
what can go wrong with a gold cone filter .
i am not disappointed in the product at all .
and that 's just what mario party 5 is .
the latest software update brings swype to evo handsets .
got it in the mail by the expected date .
you will not make a mistake buying these .
price is much too high for what you get .
i bought this for my 19 month old daughter .
even the camera is n't up to the task .
the feeling of this screen protector is just disgusting .
i sometimes forget about my garmin and use this .
i got this based on the amazon reviews .
its good for what it is used for .
i love that the handle can be removed .
navigating the menus can get a little tiresome .
i find it to be hard and uncomfortable .
the outside covers can be chewed off quickly .
the 2nd set seems to be holding up fine .
these are not original apple iphone 4 bumpers .
the extra length does wonders for my iphone .
the bristles are also made of cheap plastic .
i would especially not want to buy this flavor .
mine is for home use and two people .
the fit was loose and one screw was missing .
my new dehydrator machine only came with two .
the rubber base really helps the bowl stay put .
i would like to decide on my own .
i 've used some other slicers that were okay .
i 'm in too good of spirits to rant .
i picked this one based on the reviews .
does well on medium hard cheeses like cheddar .
this item arrived broken and didnt suit my complexion .
it does n't even fit into the box correctly .
i have to use a small spatula for that .
taking off the pack allowed me to dry off .
my cats do not like this at all .
push the power on button and nothing happens .
how is this possible on that low calorie diet .
the keys functions are very similar to a blackberry .
i had a good experience with panasonic headphones previously .
all the pictures in the book look the same .
got frustrated but after a few days it stopped .
the plates are super light yet incredibly durable .
waiting now for one that fits an iphone 5 .
i 've really tried to give it a chance .
plus , the loading times are too darn long .
this is not a chew , its a crunch .
the noise generally destroys most conversations - until now .
she advises skipping this one and getting the s9520 .
too much money for too short a play time .
that will eliminate splatter and keeps your microwave clean .
i enjoy camping , hiking and other outdoor activities .
but a pain to fit into small freezers .
amazed at all the dirty stuff it picked up .
very high quality and hold a very sharp edge .
even jello turns out looking wonderful using this pan .
returning it at this late date is ridiculous .
it is pointy and not smooth all over .
no savings is worth putting up with this noise .
it will be washed by hand with no abrasive .
i really feel like i got a deal .
it can be used on any number of devices .
just pay more for the 3 wheel version .
i purchased the motorola s305 in january 2013 .
my advice is to not waste your money .
i do n't know why i hesitated buying this .
these are a tremendous luxury and i love them .
no warnings about the floor types appear on amazon .
is n't too tight or loose by any means .
it 's the protection you need for your device .
but i dont really feel like this did anything .
i was surprised how cheaply made this is .
they arrived today and boy was that a mistake .
this is a great dock for iphone 4s .
i got this shoe in size 9 width 4e .
we rate them with 5 stars for customer service .
i plugged in the machine and nothing happened .
thisis a fact , it is a s*** item .
this is a reliable and durable kitchen tool .
this product came to me with a broken button .
the wet/dry part is another useless peace of plastic .
this is the best idea and works great .
the soaps that clean also run the non-stick finishes .
this is a teapot not a tea kettle .
no - you should not use a pot .
this will lift debris off the pan bottom .
for the money this is a great heater .
it did not do nothing to my ears .
you can go into hand to hand too .
makes a great presentation with very little extra effort .
the front strap digs into your foot , too .
final edit 9/1/2013i gave these socks one last shot .
i do n't really know why they drop audio .
it could not fit into my cig lighter .
do n't own the regular uggs to try them .
most 3rd person games have horrible fight mechanics .
it starts off slow and does not pick up .
i bough this one to replace my old one .
i think it is some kind of mold .
his room gets hot in the afternoon sun .
pure and simple its a piece of chinese junk .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
10 '' blades feel better in my large hands .
in addition to mess , was concerned potentially contaminated .
pyrex glass is what every home should have .
they look good and are now at ear level .
from grilled cheese sandwiches to steaks it works wonderfully .
we have bought 4 pairs of these ear buds .
the 2nd day was similar to the first .
this brand of products is n't worth the time .
just nice soft fluffy rice.cleaning it afterwards was easy .
i think the powerstep product is far superior .
this chopper is just not worth the $ 40 .
produces an even consistent grind without much coffee dust .
i still get all the litter around it .
not much to say , but that it works .
the board itself no longer folds in two .
they should have stuck to making ceiling fans .
it was a good looking shoe but incorrectly sized .
i will keep trying snak shak prodcuts though ! .
i have always been very happy with obagi .
love , love this black and silver iphone cover .
you will lose your reception with this case .
i hear the hoover machines are more durable .
you might want to try it on yours too .
at least i heard their customer servise is good .
no messy or burned on food to clean up .
but the whole thing just does n't look real .
i have dry , processed hair that is curly .
shipping was a day early so not too bad .
far better than past kettles that cost more .
the game was playable before the combat revamp .
i love garlic but hate to peel it ! .
the device is good at relieving wrist strain .
endless groups of enemies just appear near you .
it is worth the money , and beautiful design .
great little pan for melting butter or cooking eggs .
approximately 1,800 uses so far and still going strong .
i purchased this mount for my iphone 3g .
i should 've learned my lesson the first time .
the art is cartoonish and good at it .
i bought a large pair for large hands .
the nylon is long-lasting and easy to clean .
they are sweetened with fructose and naturally flavored .
just a simple item that does what it should .
unfortunatley i am deployed and needed them now .
the only caution is to watch your water level .
halo is by far not the best shooter ever .
a regular can opener is so much better .
i was able to use it only twice .
this battery pack did not let me down .
i would have purchased harold or another train .
also i did n't expect this from a krups .
i owned one of their vhs/dvr desktop units .
i am glad that i made the purchase .
after a year it wo n't hold a charge .
my pc one started peeling and looking like garbage .
i was a little worried about buying this case .
i really missed home-baked bread and wanted another unit .
not sure how long charge in it last .
son who wish to use this when playing hockey .
this product did not work for my input devices .
i bought the 12 pack on subscribe and save .
these are well made and look and perform great .
do n't know what might make it work properly .
batt looks like orig that came with my phone .
but great for stepping outside to grab the paper .
a three layer might be a little tall .
appears very well built and a quality product .
and it 's absolutely awful for a metroid game .
s*** happens but it is a great price point .
this product was totally worthless in my experience .
these do what i need them to do .
as for the concealer itself , it was okay .
this is a joke and not worth my time .
this cable arrived in timely fashion and perfect shape .
the enemies got flipped over a lot too .
i do not recommend this cream for arthritic sufferers .
only had it for less then 6 months .
i ended up buying another one on vacation .
i have bought many for myself and friends .
well it looks like ground up lawn grass .
i think a smaller one would work well .
not worthy of the carboard box it comes in .
i can blend up tomatoes for a salsa .
eventually the arm0 snaps at its narrowest point .
much bigger than i expected & very well made .
it shipped quickly and arrived in great condition .
this one has done neither over about 4 years .
it worked maybe 2 months and then stopped working .
i thought we were past that years ago .
this thermometer takes too long to register the temp .
cheap price great quality received very quickly thanks you .
i also really like the design is great .
it works as a practical and discreet stand .
glass is about as inert as you can get .
the phone fell many times and it was fine .
the material certainly filters the water and grinds well .
this deep skillet serves this purpose very well .
i only know it did n't work for me .
it 's extruded bean paste with binders and fillers .
i 'm going to stick with the small ones .
i really do n't find this a big deal .
these bears have a very one-note sweet taste .
out of the way and easy to pack .
her first attempt at installation was a failure .
i started giving her a tablet as directed .
what you see is pretty much what you get .
it cleaned up beautifully though and looks great ! .
now that 's what i call a utility belt .
we are very happy with our new vacuum .
the sony runs a quick setup first time .
i bought this to make ice cream at home .
the can and bottle openers are abnormally shallow .
the camera is good enough for a cell phone .
doesn ' t do it for me at all .
oh how i looked forward to this game .
i would suggest stay away from this particular model .
it is a shame amazon has discontinued this item .
i bought this because it was fairly cheap .
i treat my stuff with kid gloves , too .
but it was actually a bad cable all along .
the controls are intuitive and easy to see .
if you just want toast buy a toaster .
the carafe lasted less than 1 1/2 years .
not a single shred of evidence of damage .
i think these are good for only larger ears .
i will probably stay with those from now on .
it is easy to use even for arthritic hands .
also the easy to use software was an advantage .
this is such a great addition to any kitchen .
this is my second bad experience with optical mouse .
i bought this for my wife to use .
the purse itself is not user friendly at all .
our family loves this press.be well cook well ! .
have only used it once and it worked great .
i have tiny ears compared to the average person .
the chinese have become masters at fooling certifying organizations .
the case was promptly delivered from the seller .
we are really disappointed in this drinking fountain .
and it adjusts so it fits almost any sink .
beautiful lace pattern makes this simple cookie look impressive .
a flexible alternative to swealtering in still air .
so i bought it and could n't be happier .
do yourself a favor and pass on this .
fits everything from prime rib to a small turkey .
they are the best.put this on your phone .
i was previously very interested in this camera .
coffee tea maker , but it bit the dust .
it a complete waste of money to buy this .
if i could give it -5 stars i would .
orange juice from this thing is insanely awesome too .
this would be perfect for the toy breeds .
works very well , if just a little slow .
chocolate and cookies n ' cream are absurdly delicious .
i reheat coffee and no longer use microwave .
i have used it all like many of you .
this product is so overpriced for what it is .
my hands are all bruised and scratched up .
i am sure there are better products at amazon .
no one knows i am on a headset .
i had to recharge these batteries during the day .
forget about complex , from what i have seen .
design allows it to get very close to walls .
they look so good on my white iphone4s .
it also seems to handle wind noise adequately .
now she can open jars without me around .
it was exactly what it appears to be .
neither the tilting or the panning is particularly smooth .
these are the oiliest kippers i have ever eaten .
it 's small and it opens up any iphone .
certainly not adequate to protect during a whole night .
but it is a little flimsy for me .
another addition to assist with my baking needs .
the pump worked for a week before breaking .
first time we 've ever had to return anything .
not a bad thing to say about it .
these circulate the air for a more comfortable feeling .
even the desktop cradle fits the extended battery .
we have a golden retriever who chews not stop .
the overall skateboarding experience just feels too generic .
i always had a second charged battery with me .
for vitamins i rely on vegetables and fruits .
it was the size i was looking for .
it fits like a sleep bra ; no support .
so you can take it off to clean it .
pay no more than $ 5 for this thing .
i bought this egg cooker to eat healthier .
i now take it off before doing curls .
this company : zyliss has some great industrial designers .
i believe that unlimited saga is one of them .
bought the kit hoping to get good results .
it arrived cracked but ewww it smelled so bad .
i unplugged the adapter and the problem went away .
i always buy hamilton beach 40616 12 c .
you have to use their ovi web site .
i forgot how tasty freshly popped corn can be .
i wanted them for flotation for equipment dropped overboard .
i saw the elago online and tried it .
good price compared to purchasing directly from seidio .
i wish nerf would stop making more reshelled recon .
it sits on a charger in my room .
i highly recommend reading the instructions before getting started .
i never used the little spoon it comes with .
this makes it great for all kinds of purposes .
but in fact money was not in the decision .
i have to say i am not disappointed .
i love how this juicer offers a cup underneath .
this is a true quality piece of kitchen equipment .
there is no concept of money in am .
this will be going straight into the trash .
warning it gets hot when using a 9v .
sometimes , it would lose connection while in use .
i first treated all my drains with lye .
the volume controls on the headset work fine .
maybe i should not have used the dishwasher .
the stuck in my sides right under my ribs .
this product arrived on time and was well packaged .
a chef and she used it for everything .
i 'd actually been looking into exercise hoops previously .
i bought a second steel bowl for convenience .
my hubby could smell me a mile away .
no problem with the stone arriving in one piece .
only downside that it is a little small .
there are better harnesses that do the job better .
do not waist your money on this item .
i ended up removing and wo n't be using .
i followed all the instructions to the letter .
they had issues with the touch screen capabilities .
i guess you really get what you pay for .
after that the main attraction was the tile dispenser .
i first bought a global knife six years ago .
included case provides protection along with the charging.6 .
it still sticks after two round of seasoning .
i actually just ordered a second rectangle one .
heavy vinyl keeps the straight and not bunched up2 .
great hamburger press makes perfect burgers size each time .
easy-to-read display and quickly switches from f to c .
this spatula really stands up to the heat .
the first getaway was fantastic in my opinion .
the rest of the story falls apart from there .
try cookies and cream or black forest cake .
this skillet cooks the steak evenly throughout every part .
the whistle ball barely makes a sound when tossed .
the more you use the worse it gets .
it is smokeless and very easy to clean .
this made them marginally suitable for the intended use .
so , i decided to return for a refund .
when used properly this tamper makes espresso effectively .
i chose the optimistic path and ordered it .
i tried one of these and one was enough .
it would not clean my toilet at all .
the cheek pad sent was not the product pictured .
it is very light yet seems quite sturdy .
protein and starch in the big slot ( i.e .
these are top quality protection for your investment .
the shorter ones are probably ok.it does assemble easily .
the seeds i bought were from sprout house .
this is a great pan & bakes evenly .
there are droppings around it and even on it .
this is the third one i have ordered .
i bought it based on reviews on this website .
then i got a rash from the shoulders up .
be sure to hand wash only for long life .
this knife slices right through the hardest bread .
it does mix in more during the freezing .
the handle is comfortable to hold while using .
the rack came clean easily , but the pan .
cuts everything from cheddar to jack with ease .
it takes up a lot of floor space .
forget pounding unless the recipe calls for it .
the phone is the best smart phone out there .
just love my new microplane professional extra coarse grater .
speaker option creates many odd and humorous typos .
this is the same good as the previous one .
these seemed like a good deal for him .
used it for several years without a problem .
i would not recommend doing business with this company .
was going to buy until i read the reviews .
and it made a grinding sound then locked up .
not water running loud but mechanical vibration loud .
the ps3 includes wireless for free pretty much .
just going to live with it , i guess .
leaves uneven line of unsealed glass all around .
this was a bit cheaper than i found locally .
i think this would be a great product .
i use it for smoothies with large frozen strawberries .
wanted to make sure it was a good one .
i am very happy with my tervis cup .
my daughter uses her for her ipod touch .
i like how this sreen protector fit the wildfire .
i received this product on april 1 , 2013 .
it 's the perfect size for my specific cookie .
everything runs smooth , but it looks like crap .
wusthof is a very reputable brand for sure .
i did not bother to check the mic .
not as small as some reviewers were saying .
have n't had any problems with it at all .
the amp is a cheap piece of junk .
i should have gotten several and very well may .
very nice , very well built and very sturdy .
i will never ever try anything like this again .
he freaked out when i put him on it .
i ordered two and may order two more .
does a good job canning veggies and meat .
it does have one month of gps included .
i decided to get him the body wash .
amazon is the cheapest place to buy these cases .
i didnt realize how little clearance it has inside .
many days i have to blot it off .
this case is worthless with my motorola hs815 headset .
the taste of the milk is reall off .
i bought this for my 2 year old .
my husband got a fancy grill from lowe 's .
the larger whisk does most of the work .
it was determined that it indeed arrived doa .
even the pictures of above the water were terrible .
i dont see a change in my dog .
the comments i have received have actually been negative .
i wish they had been easier to clean .
i love the travel mug that comes with it .
i do like it on my neck and shoulders .
i have already bought four of these sets .
i highly recommend , and will be buying more .
this is the best of the best garlic presses .
that extends the life of the oil.good eating ! .
it fits snugly around the edges of the phone .
the water bottle that came with it leaked .
this is just how triethanolamine reacts with acid .
worked for me and what i was looking for .
this item is simply not worth the money .
spend a bit more , get much better utility .
in addition the scenarios are kind of easy .
it is very heavy duty and very deep .
battery life is excellent and comfort is good .
be a dear and run to the store etc .
this works perfectly fine for the iphone 3gs .
after more than two years , they look new .
i would not say this is a good toy .
lot of reviews said the monitor did not work .
and easier to use then a french press .
you can see and feel the quality build .
i tryed the micro crystals for s short time .
once again i find myself thrwarted by dr .
a call to the vendor was very helpful .
save your money and get a more expensive aeg .
now it will probably blow up in 4 years .
regained some cupboard space and learned my lesson .
you can only charge the jabra easygo via usb .
they now live their life in some recycling center .
33 1/3 albums stand up nicely in it .
the glass holds up nicely to cooking and cleaning .
you can go to a level of 25 .
my first shock came when i opened the jar .
i thought the adapter had shorted my meter .
its bulking weights 5-10 times most flash mp3 players .
both are still using , so quality for mr .
a couple of the games are completely for toddlers .
i use it for all types of breads .
id say purchase a cheaper product like this .
the activity card is missing from my package .
i am glad i never threw it away .
the outside leather still looks and feels great .
when unplugged all my radios return to normal .
by the fourth day 4 fish had died .
then i read it is the same development team .
we received what we expected with this purchase .
will buy other ka but not this again .
you can plug two usb cables in it .
the user interfaces on these headsets is invariably terrible .
i bought a nice utg 30mm swat 3-12x44 f.s .
my ps3 also recognized it within 30 seconds .
series tricorder and a wrath of khan phaser .
they shipped me four or more swollen cans .
it pinches the tops of the ears tight .
i have to say this exceeded my expectations .
but the dragon thing ticked me off the most .
i like the look and feel of this case .
the call quality was as good as they come .
the size 12-14 was not at all adequate .
i 'm not happy at all with this cocoa .
and the price was much better than its competitors .
after few minutes of charging , it felt hot .
this garlic press is so easy to use .
not the best combination of chocolate and coffee .
i change them about 3 times a day .
crawford describes in his excellent review of this product .
imagine it will hold up better as well .
you do lose some pineapple flavor but not much .
this product needs to be taken off the shelves .
another problem my previous pans did not have .
2.6.12 ) and my new mac mini running 10.4 .
i tried every ear adapter every way possible .
these arrived dented even though they were well protected .
so , it was time for a new one .
which i guess explains the whole magical sword thing .
i have returned them but have postage expenses .
i would not recommend this game to anyone .
this has some usefulness , maybe as a hammer .
do yourself a favor and rent before you buy .
i wanted something i could wear with skirts .
there are some new weapons but nothing amazing .
it is heavy duty constructed and well made .
i got these mainly to make egg muffin sandwiches .
the recipient of the gift said she loves it .
used once , wiped it out to use again .
she had a vintage one which finally cracked .
did the simple one turn every three minutes .
needless to say i am still buying pam spray .
we like the play doh toys much more .
the screen operates nearly as slow as the processor .
it did exactly what i wanted it to do .
came back and bought 3 more for friends .
even the older dk land games had better physics .
this pad stopped working after 6 months of use .
after 2-3 use your pores will be clean .
the only thing is that it 's very slick .
or certainly not last for a second repair .
if it works for you , it works great .
it makes jars spill proof and bug proof .
natural shea is supposed to be ivory in color .
took one taste and i threw it out .
i have both and i highly recommend them .
i ordered this based on many of the reviews .
i suspected oil buildup and i was right .
this is a great panini press for the money .
i purchased this to protect my wife 's s5 .
the cape is pretty much useless for him .
seriously , look it up on wikipedia or elsewhere .
strap adjustment system was apparently designed by rube goldberg .
so far i have yet to be disappointed .
the water i dump into the sink is black .
i do n't see this toy lasting a week .
the last thing it did was help any anxiety .
the meat was more tender and cooks faster .
i have not been careful about temperatures or storage .
truth is both bt stereo sets are excellent .
they do love the shape of it though .
you might want to wait for this one .
it worked well and came in on time .
since is white is get dirty very quickly .
and sure enough within the week i received it .
one of the more useful purchases for me .
now do n't get me wrong i love fish .
the game itself is a very beautiful game .
the hook could have hit her in the eye .
in fact my sister in law wants one now .
they have been used to even feed the cat .
it was a waste of time and money .
music playback is much better on the e71 .
this product was not in functioning condition when delivered .
bought this now that i love drinking wine .
these new batteries were just what he needed .
i have nothng but praise for this product .
wrong size and wrong placement on the phone .
now i can make two at a time .
shame on everyone who gave nightfire 5 stars .
works great for any type of chopping , pureeing .
we currently live in an apartment with hardwood floors .
as for us , we bought crayola jumbo crayons .
this time i mean it : no more bissell .
only used it once prior to light burning out .
but it was not effective for my rashes .
i ordered this one and the sesame street one .
i will take up the credit error asap .
tried changing the batteries and that did n't help .
it happens , but it can be quickly remedied .
you have to go through the whole disconnect/reconnect thing .
i have had this charger for about six months .
it has a comfortable , solid feel to it .
just poke your eggs so the steam can escape .
scissors are sturdy yet conveniently come apart for cleaning .
had to also buy 5 pin adapter in instructions .
it would be much better without ticket bleeding .
the product is great depending on your hair type .
i think it may actually be a tad faster .
we use this base recipe to make various flavors .
the clean up is just as easy too .
the item arrived in great condition and packed well .
so long steve jobs and your great phone .
i love it ! it is dish washer safe .
i hope i provided a good enough description .
these measuring cups are solid , heavy stainless steel .
the length of the cord long which is nice .
but with this , it is just zip zip .
you ca n't beat the value you are getting .
it came with a back and 2 fronts .
i 've owned this set for over a year .
download the demo before you blow your $ 50 .
there is n't much more to say than that .
easy to change the shape of the cutout2 .
shut off the oven and let it cool .
i 've had these sandals for about a year .
i bought this to clean my cast iron pans .
cross-stitching is more fun than this stupid game ! .
can be found on the seidio web site .
it broke within two weeks of getting it .
it works great , even with my otterbox commutter .
keeps you from accidentally splashing your cookbooks with food .
this would be my choice for office or car .
this item never made it to my parakeet .
while some reviews had no mention of it .
this was the perfect size for my oven .
we also use atopica as recommended by the vet .
i use coconut oil to keep it seasoned .
i got this because of the heft of it .
this is waaaay better than any foreman grill .
but this game is a definete waste of money .
later , i rebooted and had no internet connection .
it will charge your iphone at least 6 times .
in this case you get what you pay for .
i 've used about a dozen stereo bluetooth headsets .
too bad i waited to find this out .
fit perfectly on my bluetooth and in my ear .
in each instance this is truly a non-stick pin .
this combo looked like another great design from oxo .
def a must buy and great for the price .
the chew-able tablets , worked much better for me .
i sent them a photograph and explained the issue .
this case is just perfect for what i needed .
the dock is lightweight but sits very solidly .
i would recommend it to friends and family .
a little heavy as it is built right .
used for my satellite speakers with no issues .
as it turned out , those actions were pointless .
it was just right and waffles turn out great .
perfect fit for our lodge 10 inch frying pan .
eventually in a couple of months it stretched out .
most of the flavors taste nothing like their names .
get one for yourself and one for a gift .
repeat process if there is still crud left .
very strong motor.i 'd recommend this grinder to anyone .
so far we have not caught a single critter .
i purchased this for my wife 's iphone 4s .
the scale has five buttons along the edge .
this has to be the worst cookie press ever .
i bought 2 for a private catering business .
it covers who phone , the design is nice .
you need a torch which doesnt help much .
i used this serum as stated in the directions .
it does fit perfectly on my iphone 4s though .
i was disappointed because it was quite expensive .
the one i received does not stop leaking .
they probably fit only up to a large 1x .
may i suggest you try their decaf instead .
i have 3 cats , all are indoor animals .
it helps you to understand the zoku better .
so i bought this and the curly meringue .
this pot is made of good quality steel .
i was only able to wear them twice .
or the ferret meat treats i bought either .
we have had this for about 1 month now .
this has become a necessity in my house .
i am using it with a canon s50 .
the build quality is excellent , better than most .
i selected this unit due to the low cost .
so far this battery has worked very well .
it was just coinscidence after drinking the tea .
i will be returning it and buy another one .
not as good as i was made to believe .
the left speaker blew out after a short while .
i threw the belt in the trash this morning .
this is a very well made stock pot .
i use this wok as my main frying pan .
and i will recommend it to my friends .
do n't waste your time on this bread box .
and i try so hard to like it .
this headset would n't stay on during my run .
they were enormous and i had to return them .
it broke when i tried to use it .
great buy and it looks good in place .
its easy and to stow away into a backpack .
it already helps to prevent any splatter at all .
the size of the bread tray is just right .
the phone can not have another case on it .
this doesnt fit a samsung galaxy s ii .
they are definitely the smallest set you can buy .
did exactly what i needed it to do .
and the padding in the cups started to wrinkle .
it tastes like a shot of bicardi 151 .
then marinade as you like and proceed as usual .
i am extremely disappointed with this motorola charger though .
i like the measurements on the blade as well .
it is after all about the call quality .
i bought this case because of the great reviews .
i ended up using two cloths per wash .
the template does match the pre-drilled holes so beware .
coffee that gave my coffee a plastic aftertaste .
i thought it needed to be plugged in .
your taste buds will thank you for it .
the others are all well designed and helpful .
boils water quicker than a stovetop or microwave .
it do keep the bread from getting stale .
in stores they sell you these for $ 15+ .
these pans are high quality and heavy aluminum .
excelent quality and better price than apple product .
overall a reliable little chopper for the price .
i have owned several stick vacuums in the past .
i guess you get what you pay for .
what is so bad with the picture : everything .
he loves to make poached eggs on the weekends .
i do n't think i will order these again .
taking off the case is a fairly quick process .
easier to open than the metal two piece cap .
it is excellent quality that will last a lifetime .
i found a better product with less light pollution .
this one costs a lot more than similar models .
very sleek compared to the bulky defender model .
i adapted the preparation i saw on tv .
the first lasted a year before the connector broke .
it is nice and heavy and very well made .
this is kitchen gear i use every day .
holster it comes with is good quality also .
i bought 4 and all 4 work excellently .
i also liked that both units are small .
it is a wonderful pan for this purpose ! .
i bought the primer to build up my lashes .
10 minutes later it was up and running .
it charges quickly and holds a charge very well .
comfortably sitting in my seat , nothing but static .
though it probably wo n't even work for that .
get one kit and see how it goes over .
it contains some material about aspartame and msg .
my headline pretty much sums it all up .
i 'll stick with pro plans toy breed formula .
wow did i have high hopes for this .
the next 2 or 3 levels were the same .
i wonder if it is going to rust soon .
i replaced it with a new night light .
the difference between breadwith or without it is amazing .
wish dogswell would manufacturer these in the usa again .
my deck chairs are quite heavy in comparison .
her phone - no problems - f'n awesome .
this was all in a few months time .
volume was ok but could have been louder .
very cute little pitcher that i really like .
both phones work fine with a different shorter cord .
took me some time to get the facts , .
i am not sure what it was made of .
then i know i always have the replacement .
most of what i found was really expensive .
a hassle to carry / insert / remove .
this hair serum does nothing for my hair .
started to suck air from around the bulb .
my husband is a stickler for red wine glasses .
voice clarity is clear the unit is well designed .
i checked the belkin one but it was worse .
they last like an hour longer than stock .
i would recommend this product to people i know .
keeps my bluetooth ear piece safe and protected .
as other has said , its not super loud .
there 's very little crotch room in these pants .
it cleans up easily and does it 's job .
the red led simply remains on forever when charging .
no problems that some have suggested or experienced .
there was rust at every intersection of the wires .
tried to reset but it would not connect .
this pot will make anybody feel like a chef .
i used the bowl from my rice cooker .
i like the clean look of stainless steel too .
the best cast iron cookware on the market .
the belt clip and case seem very sturdy .
no , i would not recomend these to anyone .
the liquid is so much more better and safer .
i bought this processor because my daughter recommended it .
my hands were sticky like glue after using it .
all you can carry is two guns and grenades .
i must say i hate the controller s .
the interest in it was just not there .
i bought this based on soooo many great reviews .
please do not call the vita-mix a blender .
any movement of the switch will dislodge the plugs .
for our $ , surely there are better choices .
after about 3-4 years they just get rather rattletrap .
i admit it looked promising but failed to deliver .
this cover fits my htc inspire 4g perfectly .
for the price i can live with that .
wish i would 've reviewed this item before purchase .
the legs are only about 6 inches long .
other than that , idk why i bought this .
this case is a good case for the price .
recently purchased this item and was not disappointed .
sometimes it searches for the signal but very rarely .
i thought i would still give it a chance .
i purchased this as a gift for someone .
i bought this for my motorola droid x2 .
did not come out good from the microwave .
no sputtering at all.has a nice one year warranty .
i like to bake and always use my mixer .
it is a mere 6.25 inches in depth .
easy to clean the pull out plastic insert .
hold your nose , close your eyes and swallow .
seller shipped timely and it was in perfect order .
great price and works for walking or jogging .
however this is n't that much better on odor .
i would recommend for everyday dish use for everyone .
maybe i did n't know what i was buying.p.s .
i tend to be pretty skeptical of bluetooth headsets .
it 's just a plastic bag with a label .
i researched it , and the european versions do .
my cats all hated this style of litter box .
this made it easier to get the bubbles out .
totally stainless so i can pop into dishwasher .
the jabra earpiece has better deep rich sound .
i am supposed to receive it within 3 weeks .
the blades stay sharp and it mixes well also .
i loved this phone when i first got it .
i was really excited to get this case .
after-market accesories vary a lot in quality and durability .
we always season out pans , new or not .
well i have to write more then that .
also , we never could get him to giggle .
i would not recommend this with wooden floors .
room a does not lead to room b .
i do not see a difference except the price .
this was very thought out and well worth buying .
i love this lid for my small pressure cooker .
be careful in purchasing products from four paws .
but you always go back for more abuse .
there is a reason why this is so inexpensive .
i still think the entire design needs a think .
now we know why valve did not support it .
the original ship date was june 1 , 2004 .
today i received a call from my dtr .
i could not be more pleased with this product .
the bits and pieces that can damage jointer/planers .
a couple of months later - not so much .
the pad acts like a sponge and traps sweat .
its definitely an eye catcher , and quite adorable .
so far it seems to be looking real good .
easy to clean screen and then apply screen saver .
so there was definitely something wrong with the control .
this product caused more headaches than its worth .
corrosion will definitely have an effect on the connectors .
my hair was not manageable or tangle free .
it basicaly is a very mediocre futuristic racing title .
it was ridiculously cheap , and it works amazing .
sega would always fall asleep on the job .
likewise , i was unprepared for the excessive noise .
i would not buy this product for anything more .
i read about this in a cooking magazine .
and a templete on where the screws go .
it serves well as normal earphones as well .
we freeze the juice for uses all year long .
it never has damaged a battery on my phones .
the one with two smaller prongs goes on top-left .
i is difficult to handle with my arthritic hands .
this is as good as my last samsung slider .
good quality acrylic would not have this problem .
easy to apply and easy to peel off .
the level progression system is definatively diablo inspired .
the bristles are rough and come apart easily .
they could learn a great deal from tivo .
however , they come every day to my office .
i bought two more of them at wal-mart .
this is both a positive and a negative .
then the tubing is almost clogged with filth .
so that was great news and a relief .
it is the sturdiest mixer i have ever used .
they do not look good in my kitchen .
it just was n't a good investment for me .
i bought this a christmas gift for my husband .
it works fantastically and cleanup in a breeze .
these are very nice hoop earrings for a child .
my ends had more volume than my roots .
the metal handle is thick and does not bend .
otherwise , it would have gotten a five star .
i wrote to seller and seller never contacted me .
you can even use two cloves at once .
it does the job and i recommend it .
just seems like the resistance levels are entirely inaccurate .
the pears were so green that they were crunchy .
these items are all made of good quality .
the small duralex glasses are great , no lead .
a little overkill because he 's a little dog .
soft rubber that 's of somewhat inferior rubberize material .
for a better fit try the columbia silver ridge .
always good to keep an extra one around .
not enough steam by any stretch of the imagination .
it moves air quite fast for its size .
my steak does not stand a chance now .
this saves me so much time from hand grinding .
email me your receipt and ill issue an rma .
i 'll have these things for years to come .
this guy really gets your food cooking hot .
perfect if you wish to accessorize your cauldron .
this does not work after the first try .
that being said they work great when cooking .
it took a month to get this item .
these are the best this is my second set .
other than that , not much good to say .
we own a honda odyssey and a honda civic .
i bought a brand new 52 '' lcd samsung .
it sounds awesome and very good looking too .
i refuse to be one of these people .
this stuff makes my face break out a bit .
i tried a different solution just in case-no dice .
i have bought other and been greatly disappointed .
pressure reducers in my stores are 25 lb .
i had just hoped for more on old ones .
i bought a new leather collar with a buckle .
i use high quality ground coffee and distilled water .
i never realized until i threw it out .
i have had much better luck with sovereign silver .
i had purchased this battery for my blackberry style .
i am so in love with my new machine .
it 's nicely designed and seems quite well made .
i received no replies to my email messages .
when it arrived , it was a 9-piece game .
included instructions are a little hard to understand .
it scoop just the right size i want .
and you can see the food through the glass .
delicious over fruit and kashii go lean crunch cereal .
i put the lid on and plug it in .
hotter makes it more crispy outside and gooey inside .
there is no wall plug for this gadget .
i also did not care for the material .
i have it sitting next to my kitchen sink .
moisturized my lips slightly then put on the gloss .
lamb and rice are a bit down the list .
he would bark and the collar did nothing .
the life you save may be your own ! .
just did n't fit properly and had to return .
the 6-inch cooks knife is super sharp and lightweight .
for $ 7-8 a bottle this is a rip .
listerine dentist clean is much better and effective .
this is the second bacon tray i 've purchased .
this product should be taken off the market .
unitl i accidentally dropped it on the carpet .
case is exactly like i thought it would be .
you can buy any cleaner solution you like .
i have this bowl and the larger one .
that is the issue i bought it to resolve .
i am not sure which salts it checks .
all the plates fit inside a little drawer .
finally , we gave up and repacked it all .
works with my htc android phone and iphone .
we went through many of the cleaning pads .
message cut out of the top of a quesadilla3 .
it 's the blue rubber thing on the bottom .
i will update if the unit fails too soon .
from freezer to oven or microwave and practically indestructible .
it withstood a lot of banging and dropping .
it was so helpful in making the purchase .
prisoner of war - has the same exact flaw .
looks like it will fit multiple devices , too .
found the lace to be much too hard .
i am with the other reviewer on this one .
this completely covers the volume buttons on the side .
battery usage - do n't listen to the lies .
diva cup is much easier for me to use .
overall more of a hassle than ye olde mr .
it is very flimsy and difficult to use .
the flip-top was highly recommended on cook 's illustrated .
but overall i am very happy with this product .
there are no games that come with it .
they are thick and hold up well when baked .
i hope it lasts for a long time .
in some cases the items are destroyed as well .
this holder is made of both plastic and metal .
it takes less than a minute to clean .
so i have to give it a poor review .
makes one scrambled egg for an egg sandwich .
stays securely connected to the computer and phone .
they are extremely solid and very heavy stainless steel .
used over 2 mos , and no real change .
it is sturdy for putting my plants on .
i think rpgs are on a down hill slope .
this is my second air plus for phone 4 .
i 've owned other otterbox cases in the past .
the ants we have here ignore these baits .
i got mine as per description in both sets .
the edge turns brown as the temperature goes up .
i have used this for over 1.5 years .
did not come with cap as indicated in picture .
this pan is used daily at my house .
i would recommend these knives and the seller .
this is a great product for the price .
and i 've been delighted for almost a month .
bought this vacuum and was very impressed by it .
i liked it enough to purchase it twice .
i could not talk her into a digital one .
my girl was in tears and i felt horrible .
the new os is much faster and more reliable .
i dont think you will regret the purchase .
i ordered extra filters when i ordered the product .
however it does not work with vista x64 bit .
i 'm not sure why it tastes so bad .
these do not work well and are very cheap .
its not a negative aspect to this product .
the total package works far better than expected.2 .
i bought this in 2007 and still use it .
i plug this backup battery into my kindle fire .
i bought this as a gift for my mom .
forget about cheap winders and buy an inexpensive one .
the bread made with this baker comes out perfect .
it just whirls the coconut into a butter .
i find myself re-tuning the signal a lot .
the case look great on my iphone 4s .
i will likey give it to someone for gift .
it is a piece of junk ! stay away .
dried fruits without sugar would be fine imho.3 .
this case fits my htc inspire 4g perfectly .
my sister bought this press for the house .
i have strong flushing reactions when i take niacin .
there are a couple of reasons to buy this:1 .
naturally you idoits will not show the data .
this is how att treats a 10+ years customer .
good thing i tested it the week before leaving .
i did not seem much improvement with this product .
the making of these is a great concept .
if i could give this a zero star .
l crippled after using 32 gigs on iphone 3gs .
pairing was as easy as simply pushing a button .
the smell at start up never went away .
i have both and both work just fine .
that they might not even been made any more .
i bought this purely because it was a wireless .
the outside chrome part , does get very hot .
i got this mixer about a month ago .
i 'm finding excuses to have a second mug .
i 've had several travel mugs over the years .
they never reacted this way with their previous toothpaste .
i believed i was ordering a three pack .
it wiggles around in my ear like a q-tip .
i really have my doubts about this thing .
all buttons and ports are easy to get to .
there are many reasons why it is this bad .
too bad because i really love the flavor .
this dvd is a must for any cake decorator .
it came in factory packaging , with everything included .
even restarts sometimes does not get it back .
this does n't take much abuse before it snaps .
i ran clear water through it again and again .
but they are still the best thing out there .
this is an excellent item and for the price .
just a bit too clunky for my tastes .
this car case was broken when we received it .
in addition to being loud it is unbalanced .
i used to use them to fall asleep .
you have to use soap to get it clean .
i received genuine dirt devil bags with my order .
works great & i 'm ready to buy more .
you ca n't beat the price and lasted years .
it is easy to clean , easy to store .
it uses android 2.2 which has numerous problems .
i have a huge thing of this supplement .
spare your knuckles and fingernails by using microplane graters .
they wo n't be pushed out with the squeegee .
i actually make my juice hour as a ritual .
fits easily in a standard size toaster oven .
i doubled the tea bags per mug of tea .
i measured the voltage and current at each light .
the spatula does what it 's supposed to to .
problem is the buttons are impossible to use .
rice is always perfect - never mushy etc .
these have not let me down so far .
i bought this before there were written reviews .
these work very well and form a nice seal .
you just oil the wood every 4-6 weeks .
best value and best suited for my iphone .
dog has n't slept in it for 4 days .
the one small caveat is that it can break .
it sure did a good job on our vacation .
it has a very strange texture as well .
and i get a lot of compliments on it .
my old battery went bad after a long use .
my skin has cleared 98 % after 1 treatment .
they go in the dishwasher and microwave oven .
i do n't like tight pants so ordered medium .
they are then ground down to shape afterward .
i love packing my lunch in my zojirushi .
i got this as a sample from sephora .
the picture on the box is very misleading .
but it 's great for everything including drinking purposes .
t-fal is an excellent quality and a good buy .
also goes well with the iphone black or white .
for the price , this is more than acceptable .
it looks like a two year old belt .
hunted all over town for a flexible whisk .
i guess it is not challenging any longer .
i do not personally find it at all attractive .
other than that this product is a flop .
i can also answer the phone more easily .
it works well and is the perfect size .
also the top was a little tight for me .
i am guessing there are no rocket launchers either .
i was looking for a specific type of stylus .
this mixer is by far the best out there .
will not fir with even the slimmest case on .
i am really happy with the zebra purse .
already use thedean & tyler dog harnessfor training .
i was quite surprised by how comfortable they are .
i did n't see the big deal in it .
it arrived in good condition and in good time .
they were cheap in price and cheap in quality .
when it does work properly it 's only temporary .
they look great and the sound is very good .
i had to scrap it and get another one .
he is very well pleased with the pan .
finally , they told me to rma the unit .
it is not cheaply priced , nor cheaply made .
these look so appetizing on the cover photo .
so there goes a good hour of your time .
very well made and does a excellent job .
there are definitely better moisturizers out on the market .
the first problem occurred about 6 months after purchase .
i can do my whole house on one charge .
replacement blades cost as much as the whole trimmer .
filters a full pitcher in about 5 minutes .
watched videos at breadtopia and followed included directions .
i guess my dog is just a lamb-lover .
this is not a case for a florida summer .
the memory foam it advertises is a joke .
it is difficult to put it on correctly .
died completely after only 3 months of use .
i do not like this screen protector at all .
this face wash is going straight in the trash .
it is accurate and very useful for cooking meats .
great slow cooker for one or two people .
i admit to have a huge sense of humor .
i added this as a third waffle maker .
i handwash and it is easy to clean .
this is strictly a toy that makes noise .
after 30 years of use , it finally broke .
rarely do i write bad reviews of a product .
other products by this company have been great .
causing a unsafe situation.i do not recommend this product .
the quality and comfort has exceeded my expectations .
not a big loss though as it was cheap .
my beer snob friends prefer a pilsner glass .
it has n't rusted or even blemished the stainless .
the cord does n't stay in my samsung phone .
i remember playing this game back around 1996 .
this does what it was intended to do .
it is about the size of an ice-cream bowl .
the kit comes with three screen protectors and cloths .
even the packaging is generic .all it says .
these screen savers are good exactly what i needed .
it might work.beside this , the machine is good .
but the game play is definatly missing something .
best set i have every owned or used .
i do clean and dry it after every use .
these pans are such a pleasure to use .
the tanks are easy to fill and empty .
i have had this machine for almost 2 years .
it is big so covers my biggest frying pans .
i upgraded the firmware , but the issues persisted .
the gel has a very nice feel to it .
i did n't realize how good i had it .
this was just what i was looking for .
everything you need to repair or change a screen .
but that 's because my dog is very destructive .
all the tools in the bag are cheaply made .
nice matte black/rubberized finished ala classic thinkpad laptops .
item was received on time in excellent condition .
i am a fan of kuhn rikon products .
the clip swivels six ways and seems sturdy .
i purchased pinaud 's bay rum and loved it .
stuck it in the charger around 9:00 pm .
i can hear music or voices on it equally .
i wish all manufactures used the same sizing .
and my wife uses the other one when cooking .
it works fabulous and is super easy to clean .
heck , the extremely short demo packed with z.o.e .
no changes in my blood pressure after 2 bottles .
i bought this for my 10 month old .
well here are the major pros and cons .
but she said she would just wear thicker socks .
white soup with brown crumbs floating in it .
a very nice set of pure white china .
they were not only inexpensive but also cheap .
easy to use and set up was a breeze .
the top lifts off and you can brush it .
the pottery is heavy and the perfect cream color .
hard to explain but it just feels like quality .
it picks up great and glides across the floor .
both palm desktop and outlook sync are unreliable .
these bins are really big ! so measure carefully .
they were a little tough and hard to chew .
this little thing is made out of plastic .
the glass itself is good quality without any bubbles .
this battery hold a charge for over 24 hours .
i felt bad for giving this to my daughter .
samsung displays a message the moment you install it .
there are two things that i especially like .
it is easy to use and easy to clean .
i wish i could give it 6 stars ! .
so far it works fine and proved durable .
maybe good for someone but not for me .
there are better water bottle toys out there .
i returned it to amazon for a refund .
we use this at least once a week .
this will work for the new bold also .
i also usually add cinnamon and freshly-grated nutmeg .
great thermos for travel time and also household use .
this is my last purchase of a targus product .
i ordered these for my water dragon habitat .
people have actually commented on how pretty it looks .
my puppy is going through the chewing time now .
nice to live in a big city , sometimes .
the touchscreen on this phone is precise and responsive .
works great for people who cook a lot .
mass produced it should be low cost and reliable .
it did not come with a cedar insert .
i would recomment this to anyone owning a k .
the best part of this coffee is the aftertaste .
this is great for green juicing for my son .
a tip for putting on the screen protector .
receiving wrong size or wrong color happens a lot .
clearly marks which port can charge the ipad .
this feels like grit cereal in the bathtub .
the claw machine is made of cheap plastic .
not too much one can say about a cable .
however , with the cable attached it is useless .
this server is perfect for right & left handers .
i purchased this to hold two rechargable yard tools .
great deal and fast shipping from amazon prime ! .
instead of a shoe rack which needs oopening etc .
this saucier is great for cooking in huge volumes .
and it 's nice to have a retractable cord .
that is a nice touch.and now , three cons:1 .
was easy to use and the stuff tasted great .
i just threw mine away instead of returning .
charges my new z10 in just no time .
also , the spinning motions of it barely move .
this is what an ice cream scoop should be .
this product is everything it claims to be .
the rubber handle is perfect for whipping up food .
i dislike the uplift mechanism to open the spout .
the pot stand is very level ; not wobbly .
makes great hamburgers , chicken breast and even steaks .
we also appreciate the thinness of the glass .
this is the cheapest this i have ever bought .
plan to order several more in other colors ! .
this bra offered no support for my 34gs .
i could not do a thing with it .
they all fit well and hold my phone securely .
it came with 4 kodak 1850 ma nimh batteries .
opinion on theweb seems to be split on this .
the decription says `` one size fits all '' .
the biggest problem with this product is the roller .
i would recommend if you need a replacement .
we also find that the juice just tastes better .
i love corelle wear and this set is great .
i read many reviews stating that this model leaks .
chop blade went dull in one cabling job .
it charges my plantronics legend quickly and many times .
i especially like the volume control and headphone input .
they are avid campers so it does get used .
- that the particular song would be cued .
its very bright , i will say that much .
however , i found it to not be necessary .
i did quite a bit of research before buying .
he picked it up and wiped it off .
farberware 18/10 stainless steel cookware is a good line .
warning - installing the cable is pretty complicated .
overall , this a very well-designed and effective item .
every time you squeeze it the top comes off .
i 'm glad i purchased this item on amazon.com .
today , i noticed that my laptop was hot .
gameboy is just trying to make a quick buck .
to me it 's just a bunch of hype .
i am a believer in buying green products .
very simple attachment for the meat grinder attachment .
the samgal2 has met and exceeded my expectations .
and it has entirely failed within one month .
all in all , i like this pasta maker .
which is only bad because they are n't cheap .
people should write about this after using it .
i use maxell only for the dual philips recorder .
my last machine had indented grips for that purpose .
their parts and accessories are very reasonably priced .
i love that the cord retracts inside the body .
trying to rotate the filter is a trick .
no need for added sodium from those spices .
i would not recommend this mobile at all .
my coolpix 2500 suddenly went dead after 14 months .
they stack great and do the job perfectly .
i will definitely not be purchasing this product again .
cheap is cheap and this is beyound cheap .
the steel is of utmost quality and sharpness .
not to say it 's bad in any way .
this might be the best you can find .
need a heavier pair for winter days too though .
only 2 minor tweaks would make this product perfect .
the quality of these little bottles seems great .
i naturally zoomed in on the nutritional value .
what was delivered was a mint green counterfeit .
and the spring was never the problem anyway .
i 've had my whirley-pop for several years now .
internet connection only came after two or three reboots .
just the boxi paid 43.9 usd for thi watch .
and easily drip dry or dry with a cloth .
i love the ice cream this gadget makes .
one of the best phones i have ever owned .
the tree shaped box , the cute colorful acorns .
it took a second look to even notice it .
well it went from 4 stars to 5 .
he fell out of it more than once .
toss in your salted popcorn and shake away .
if i had the packaging i would return them .
i dont get what kindve hair this works for .
needs to be more protective and more sturdy .
these boots fits very snugly around the calf .
the manufacturer has greatly cheapened a once durable product .
works as says with ipad air and iphone 5 .
i use this crock pot all the time .
finally , too many knife cuts.missed them a lot .
this chopper does the job - good product .
dollars , it was an expensive piece of junk .
i packed it back up and returned it .
this is the best garlic press i have used .
it really was a looker of a watch .
and the upper left button no longer works .
when you really need portable the this is it .
very nice funnel for use in small opening bottles .
based on first impressions , i would highly recommend .
adjust as you squeegie to make sure everything aligns .
bought that and have been using it for years .
i also like the size of the cutting board .
i place mine on a matching le creuset trivet .
no challenge the treats just all spill out .
would highly recommend as it is a durable product .
these sandals are very well made and very comfortable .
this machine i think sits right in the middle .
i have chronic systemic candida and adrenal fatigue .
8/21/2012i have used otterbox cases for some time now .
this is a great oem blackberry travel accessory .
this mixer had by far the best feedback .
the graphics such even for the sega genesis .
i expect years of use from this processor .
i needed to fix a flat on my bike .
this is a handy device , built to last .
ok so the product came in as described .
it was very easy to put on my phone .
have never used an appliance like this before .
i guess that earns both companies a black eye .
product works very well pleased with its use .
but protects your arm from being burnt on stuff .
everything is going south so it 's nothing new .
i 'm giving this product a 2 star review .
the whole game is silly and feels very childish .
nice and sturdy and a comfortable grip on them .
i love the pan and love the sturdiness .
i like orange and it has a glossy finish .
dropped it several times but it still works fine .
i like it though , finally a strong cable .
i had a big mess on my hands .
they would not pass-through dhcp half of the time .
the lid can also be locked , of course .
okay , so i was excited to get this .
much too much hassle for a stupid thermometer .
friends who have cheaper processors also love their products .
they both broke eventually after a year or more .
fable was among my favorite games for the xbox .
they went away in a few days , thankfully .
the stoneware shattered into many pieces and shards .
it would take all day to do your body .
it will store quite easily in a camera bag .
not sure why other filters are so expensive .
it takes what seems like minutes to charge it .
she uses it with playdough all the time .
this squeezer can take a lot of pressure .
best set i have every owned or used .
bristles are stiff and rip wet tangled hair .
the pace is very slow , kind of boring .
i in fact bought it for that reason .
get your metroid fix withmetroid prime huntersthe instead .
did n't realize it was shipped from the uk .
i wish it had two usb ports though .
the adapter worked really well for a few days .
they devour the chews & think they are treats .
at this point , i put the game down .
i 'm still hooked to the old bag vacuum .
this blue one may only work the 1st time .
i didnt wait long for it to get here .
it was impossible and i almost swore off spaetzle .
for one , the sleeves barely hit my wrists .
at last a really useful and thoughtful product .
i bought the refurbished one and it works well .
i might replace it with one of these ! .
i would recommend it to my family and friends .
girl scouts cookies are yummy with cream cheese ! .
there was a sizable arc inside the unit .
i am more the happy with this purchase .
wire strong so its not going to break .
this is very pretty with or without a decal .
i had mastermind as a child and loved it .
i am very happy with this purchase so far .
i definitely would not recommend this product to anyone .
i guess i could describe it as grippy .
far better to get 4 or 5 cheap cases .
the stickers were extremely sharp on the sides .
i purchased this thinking it was what i needed .
my daughter recently purchased the wilton cake lifter .
i did so and the text came very quickly .
there was no problem with the pancakes sticking .
i had chills when i used this product .
she has a bumper and she is quite clumsy .
it does work on windows 7 pro 64 bit .
not a big deal , but sort of strange .
this looks really nice next to the knife block .
it is expensive little bottles and not much better .
even the corelle box itself had been weirdly re-taped .
i wore them today and my toes definitely hurt .
this few seconds was too long for my daughter .
i 've had these earbuds for over 2 years .
could easily hold enough dressing for 6 huge salads .
but i am very disappointed with my decision .
a normal press of the buttons does nothing .
i plan on getting at least one more ! .
google search pulled up this is a common issue .
i also wish there were controls on both ears .
i would never buy this , nor recommend it .
sometimes its almost more convinient just using the buttons .
the instructions were easy to follow and user friendly .
i purchased this camera new a few years ago .
also there are no tips for iphone 5 .
somewhere.this product will not disappoint for the price .
i received this a few days ago from amazon .
i am really confused by the negative reviews .
most omega-3 fish oil products do not contain lipase .
i do n't feel they are worth the money .
sounded like i had cotton in my ears .
the inside is beginning to pit and cloud .
even if you have two spies in every provence .
the reseller blames clarisonic and clarisonic blames the reseller .
when using the tip breaks away or tares .
eliminates the course drag of a plain hook .
after more than 5 years , it finally died .
i use it at least two times daily .
nothing beats a real cast iron skillet from lodge .
wish i would have ordered these for our bath .
especailly from a high end name as ugg 's .
two scoops is perfect for regular sized muffins .
it definitely toasts much faster than a conventional toaster .
it had a transparency of sound that was excellent .
i 'd describe it as leathery and somewhat dry .
i keep coffee and other things in it .
one fit well but the other was longer .
easy to put on , easy to take off .
i use it all the time even when home .
it took us four tries to get it right .
all other functions supported by this button work fine .
my son is extremely careful with his toys .
i would definitely recommend this item to anyone .
another had a slide mechanism that was plastic .
owning the right tools really helps cooking with ease .
the recieving antenna will be in the wrong place .
the manufacturer should realize that at 18 mo .
one of the usb charge does not work either .
it was like a new apple brand charger .
i do n't like the consistency of this product .
i bought it and attempted to apply it myself .
i do n't need it slipped into other supplements .
all of these filtered water containers have been great .
they never made a mac version of collector 's .
i tryied to use them on a shooting range .
i only finished three quarters of one serving .
i am a middle-aged guy just learning to cook .
a tad awkward at first but the def work .
when you hit it it comes right away out .
more like what i 'd imagine dirt tasting like .
it tends to crash on vista during big games .
you do n't need a machine or coffee house .
thanks for helping me clear my home of dust .
i guess they work but not the nicest machining .
i was surprised to find that i was impressed .
i would not purchase this product on my own .
constant static whether from a radio or cd .
some people might like this.-waist strap : completely useless .
everyone who comes into my kitchen comments on it .
it did not help with my dogs itching .
hoped my extra two guest wimotes would fit .
does the job that it says that it does .
need to use your finger to scoop it out .
as per the instructions , i took my shower .
i decided it was time for a top-of-the-line kitchenaid .
this cable does n't charge as the original one .
the purchase was a gift for my wife secretly .
for certain applications , 700mb is the only option .
i am not sure what to do with these .
i 've had this sucker for about 10 years .
over all the quality seemed to be rather poor .
works flawlessly.did i mention the toshiba was junk ? .
these pans have been very good for me .
-- watch alton brown to see what i mean .
another issue is that it crashes a lot .
i recommend it for a space efficient hanger drier .
these screen protectors were for a gift for someone .
i end up carrying my regular travel iron now .
there are great medications that correct the problem .
at first , i was impressed by this case .
others clip into the headphone jack and dangle .
hands down , this is the best grater ever .
not one single cat will touch this stuff .
i love these knives -- they are the best .
my complaint is that the tablets are too soft .
this information is readily available on the internet .
i was surprised of how strong it was .
all the controls are accesible , no problems there .
my boys are 8 months and 2 years old .
i would agree with the majority of the reviews .
i matched pan size to cutter size for convenience .
her bladder was leaking all day and nite .
i was n't paying attention when i ordered this .
ipad 3 with sloped back is a great example .
i used a lot of pics of family .
easy to change and protect my phone very well .
just 1 hole from the vertical loaf machines .
the microsoft rapeage is getting a little rediculous .
i followed the directions and used the products mentioned .
this case fits my girlfriends galaxy s3 perfectly .
with this pan i get a nice tall bread .
this stand is a huge waste of money .
these are thin and slip on a wet counter .
pioneer works well with double din head unit .
so i might returned a device that actually works .
its wide top makes it almost impossible to spill .
all i get is the firmware upgrade screen .
this one is far more reliable and sturdy .
thought i would give this game a go again .
my initial review was 4 stars and stellar .
i definitely got good use from it though .
too bad it does n't function in the dungeons .
it sounds a little like a friendly duck quacking .
shun and kershaw brands are both owned by kai .
this unit will only supply .6a of charging current .
i can use this to cook stews , soups .
it is not worth the money and the beauty .
drying tomato products will turn the sheets pink .
gaba and melatonin work much better for me .
i was genuinely surprised by how well these work .
the product arrived as advertised and looked great .
i have been using this one for several years .
plus , i have to pay to return it .
i never dishwash it ; always handwash and dry .
so 2 brand new pots went to the trash .
i got tired of wasting saran wrap to cover .
you could see it through the translucent case .
i just wish it was a quart bigger .
i used to buy this sugar for years .
the graphics on the e71 just ca n't compare .
this is an excellent alternative to paper filters .
can slice or julienne vegetable to several different sizes .
these even have half measures stamped into each cup .
too much iron is suspected to increase atherosclerosis .
and go up about a cup size or 2 .
and the new zealand supplement for yeast kolorex .
these are heavy duty hangers and weigh a lot .
i received my phone case in a speedy time .
needless to say i did n't bother using it .
she will kick it all over the pen .
it would be nice if it had feet .
sorry amazon , you struck out on this one .
no problem using in dishwasher almost every day .
sometimes this works with my iphone5 , sometimes not .
a great gaget to have when making cookies .
either get an inexpensive dipole from radio shack .
this v.5 stutters and locks up the video .
you place all the ingredients into the bread maker .
amazon is a joy to do business with ! .
i have a htc radar windows based phone .
250 or something on amazon as of now .
if you want to clean the air cheaply .
it does come with a decent screen protector .
i tried it air dry and with a difuser .
it just needs to be a little larger .
i got this to see what it was like .
so you have to take it out anyways .
you can still use it to seal jars .
now , i do have experience zeroing optical sights .
just remember to replace the filter as recommended .
i have yet to replace anything from them .
so far , the fit is perfect.cleaning is easy .
in the end , it went into the garbage .
works and looks as well as it did new .
aluminum from a soda can would work , too .
i might as well be using a wash cloth .
the battery also lasts for a long time .
it has a very odd artificial flavor and overpowering .
they are magnetic and live on my refrigerator .
the phone itself was a piece of junk .
after you save and quit , the enemies return .
i 've discovered that this game is intentionally incomplete .
this is my second chemex 6 cup coffee pot .
i will invest in more cuisnart nonstick bakeware .
anyways , this came in the mail very quickly .
like many other posters , mine probably is defective .
get a tipman tp420 or something like that .
battery technology is terrible and would not recommend .
i got it when i first bought my chinchilla .
it came from the factory with a broken handle .
when you first get the brewstation it works great .
happy with the service and the product.comment comment permalink .
it 's what the measurements said they would be .
my husband picked this out and loves it .
i mounted 3 of these in my garage .
the price for this bra is too high .
you need to speak in a non-projective clear voice .
well built for the s3 , of quality material .
i have to disagree on the battery life however .
plastic handle is corrosion and somewhat slip resistant.2 .
or what i could do to make it work .
the price was good but the covers scratched easily .
good sound quality and callers can hear me well .
i was curious as to the low cost .
some beans are normal size and some are tiny .
first off , it comes with no instructions whatsoever .
and for some people it *is* the perfect companion .
fifty cents wort of tubing and a nipple .
i was so disapointed and the price was alright .
it draws little to no power at all .
overall cheap , heavy buds and may not work .
they also come very well packaged in multi-layered boxes .
i was pleased and would tell others the same .
i am a huge fan of wooden spoons .
for now a fine addition to any modern kitchen .
it has been working for me for months now .
there are marks and dents in the battery .
it must be the sanitizing effect of the sun .
excellent compact rice cooker for one or two .
this again did not fit all that well .
but that 's pretty much it.the story is throwaway .
held a charge better then my original one did .
my 6-year-old son and i played this game .
this case looks very nice and it fits perfectly .
the whole sync process is excruciatingly slow , too .
this comb does not work on dsh cats .
i opened the package without looking at the instructions .
a good stone which makes great breads and pizza .
the mechine is so much quieter than most vacuums .
this is the reason for 1 star deduction .
we gave it to my father for christmas .
just what i needed to hang my slacks easily .
the wood is very hard and not easily marred .
the game will not load on my mac .
the photo suggests something reasonably substantial for protection .
you ca n't beat that with a baseball bat .
only for extremely puffy or supper high arch feet .
the heating element just completely stopped working today .
i feel like this thing pulls my hair out .
also the lid is very easy to move .
i did not like this product at all .
perfect for those times the power goes out .
you get what you pay for i suppose .
you are going to have to cut right handed .
i am thankful to find replacement parts like this .
great weight and its made in the usa .
i would buy this again.3 months of use .
i purchased this belkin product from the reseller .
the hinge will break with only a few bends .
it can be modified for a perfit fit .
i would not recommend buying this ice cream maker .
bread knives are usually less shaper than most knives .
i guess you get what you pay for .
so i thought of this as a good option .
i tried using a manual grinder for coffee .
yes , the shoulder belts are so poorly designed .
great for small carpets on the hardwood floors .
the kill a watt is fast and easy .
it cuts very well and looks nice , too .
like most oxo products it is very good quality .
i was twenty years old , skinny and bulletproof .
i recommend a kodak reader for your kodak cameras .
the sunbeam extra large 2013-912 is far superior .
the silicone spatula is flexible but not flimsy .
i bought my second set of these measuring cups .
i tried both the wide and regular mouth sealers .
that machine was an accident waiting to happen .
does a good job of keeping the bacon flat .
each sheet holds about 3 cups of liquid .
so a 4 star rating is still appropriate imo .
they were sent off to the landfill soon after .
scarlet red is awesome looking and its sounds awesome .
we both were aware of the noise change .
they have great characters and a beautiful battle system .
we got this to do korean bbq at home .
i got about 1/2 teaspoon sliced from 5 scallions .
you can use it with fruit on the counter .
and i can hear them loud and clear .
i would buy another if i needed one .
the radio shark has been a huge disappointment .
this model does not fit larger-based champagne bottles.cheers ! .
you may go blind trying to play this one .
pictures are grainy and lack details and vibrance .
the tecsture of it is for younge girls.\ .
makes sense because so little steam or anything escapes .
wow ! what a difference a proper sharpening makes .
it opens up and cleans up well also .
i dont cut myself but its a bit sharp .
this item is cheap and not true to size .
one of the best ways to enjoy them .
vendor medical supply store shipped this rollator to me .
it is hard to find your way around .
it would be comfortable if it was n't leaking .
farberware - you can do better than this ! .
the rear broke off about 2 weeks later .
use a credit card edge to remove any bubbles .
i would not recommend buying from this seller .
the consistency of the product is a bit weird .
it was very annoying for all of us .
let sit under a tea cozy for 5 minutes .
not planning on buying another seagate any time soon .
i generally use it to mash up walnuts .
this product is good for making iced tea .
after nearly a dozen moves it still works great .
i got this to dispense candy in my office .
so it 's not that leakage was a problem .
does the job and is better than most retractables .
there are very few magazines that this will fit .
so , atleast this was not for my x6 .
when worn over my baseball cap it 's fine .
buy yourself one of those $ 100+ electric ones .
now i need to find a complaint button .
i would not recommend this tube to anyone .
i checked with my original version of h-l .
i will post an addendum w/ their response .
they all seem to work fine at the beginning .
i make a new pot every 3 days .
you ca n't go wrong if you purchase one .
grease leaks from the joint of the worm .
the dispensing spout is great and pours evenly too .
my 2 year old son got this for christmas .
i expected better from a $ 150 cd player .
i bought this set of attachments for my mother .
i am soooo glad i decided to keep it .
the lid is heavy and stays in place .
yum.our snowball maker is now 4 years old .
all over the place all over every nail .
all it will bring is disappointment to your child .
i adore the way the bowl locks in place .
you just stick to driving around in cars .
i resold the tent online for a loss .
i read that this product was a no .
i would not recommend this product to anybody .
let me first say that this game sucks .
my other cat simply refused to go near it .
i tried few things but did not work .
kellogg does not use gmos in these countries .
i 've found this to be an interesting addition .
he liked it , but i never used it .
i have been trying to get rid of them .
it is very expensive compared to easier-to-find similar beverages .
they can be bought on line as well .
i felt like the dust was taking over .
tried chopping almonds and did a great job .
i needed another one & it looked bigger .
i love the quality and the handle it has .
i thought it was compatible with the defy xt .
plastic comb attachments work better for this length .
save yourself some money and buy this one ! .
i bought this press because of the reviews .
it smells bland and tastes just plain bad .
this sock is all bottom and no top .
i was relieved and am happy they worked out .
radio shark is not a good tool for that .
i like that they even fit some commercial jars .
its nothing in front of todays modern futuristic games .
i would buy another one if i needed too .
wish it had come with an oil sample .
the snug fit means no loss of suction .
it catches drips nicely and keeps the spoon upright .
perfect fit for samsung galaxy 4g for t-mobile .
no better then store brand dried mashed potatoes .
this was exactly what i 've been looking for .
i have mixed feelings about this motola mount .
we would have not included a sight glass .
very easy to lose your marioball down the drain .
the small head gets up into the corners .
the squeaker goes out fairly quickly as well .
it came with blackberry packaging and authentic looking markings .
a second fell over and the lid broke off .
being kong , we thought it would be tough .
expected it to be made in the usa .
i really had to scrub to get it off .
but that is not why i bought this adapter .
within a week or two it 's stinky again .
worth buying if you still have iphone 3gs .
i will never buy food product from amazon again .
unfortunately in freezes up every time she plays .
i returned it the same day i got it .
i tried the moisturizer and it was just so-so .
try to avoid this one at all cost .
they are genuine oster products or pretty good counterfeits .
i do like the size because it is small .
clean clear , easy to install phone well protected .
i purchased this coffemaker based on the reviews .
i upgraded and would absolutely do it again .
at least 10 of the 100 came broken .
we returned the 677 and got the 675 .
had to return because it did not fit properly .
i hate having anything sticky in my hair .
i use it with my ipad and cell phone .
i love the case , very soft and protective .
thus , resulting in an inability to use it .
picture perfect eggs when done if directions are followed .
i almost got hit when the taillight went out .
not worth trying to clean all the rust .
it is quiet in operation and heats up quickly .
used this pan for several different batters without leaks .
otherwise , this looks to be an excellent product .
no kitchen should be without this size santoku knife .
i like that it is a taller pitcher .
but i really bought it for the sleep function .
this is just not a very good game .
up until this point it has been fairly true .
takes up most of a shelf in the cabinet .
i am also a fool for my feline babies .
all in all , i vote for the plantronics .
these headphones really do sound great for the price .
you must gore the hunters in order to proceed .
this bluetooth is very easy to set up .
all eight cans were significantly bent and dented .
try it and maybe you will but i didnt .
nikon has been good to me on the others .
i own multiple chef 's knives with varying quality .
great case for the old htc droid incredible .
comes with an optional removable clip/stand which is nice .
my only complaint is how squishy the tip is .
took him off nupro and his ears cleared up .
hanging it from the knob worked like a charm .
this works but the taste is god awful .
i like this size serving platter for family meals .
it tastes like a root beer gone flat .
i just dont like the game i guess .
the samsung s2 is a great cell phone .
this cooker is simple and easy to use .
took 1 star off simply due to price .
its an oem nokia bl-5c battery as advertised .
pain is not good and neither is this .
i really wanted one of these for my ar .
the first time you play it , i suppose .
the rubber handle stops it from going anywhere .
the accessories are really nice and handy to have4 .
but it does not work as a facial sunscreen .
even the quality of the paint finish is admirable .
i also tried using my finger for drawing application .
the nissan briefcase bottle met my expectations completely .
text boxes are not accepted on console games anymore .
it wo n't even ft in my range bag .
even worse is the sensitivity of this thing .
wish all products were this simple and good .
this is the slimmest case i have found .
you get the frame and the drying rack dowels .
it is amazing for inflammation in the human body .
i am a runner and every day exerciser .
it looks like it was made for my kitchen .
i use this headset with my laptop at home .
any kind of audiophile is going to hate this .
it seems all oil sprayers have a limited life .
this group is very community oriented and supportive .
no information on the web site at all .
a few for me and some for friends .
we still had the medium to compare it too .
but it does not work like i remember it .
once you tap the toy though it started running .
this battery was better than my previous one .
i have put too much time already into it .
will maybe try the daily gravity cream instead .
do yourself a favor and try something else .
it was also a bit complicated getting it on .
make sure you line the sticks up straight .
i would not waste your money of ordering this .
without even thinking or looking at the device itself .
just do n't like the cups and sending back .
my new years day brunch was a delicious success .
but i think it is a great case .
you will not receive the battery advertised here .
this is another high quality item from microplane .
replaced the lousy iphone with a bb bold 9700 .
they hold their edge beautifully with proper care .
the response to voice commands is nice too .
unfortunately it did not live up to my expectations .
spend the money and buy a better quality charger .
pitcher is nicely designed and effectively separates the foam .
the battery arrived in just a few short days .
i had this carafe for a few years .
i know my size from all my others .
the spray comes out in one stream too .
i have all the expressions memorized at this point .
i iced my eyes most of the day .
i probably would give it to the trash .
i finally found one that really helped me .
this one is great.never be without one again .
i had another remington which was very good .
i have had it for a month or so .
their response was to call their customer service hotline .
especially not recommended for people with sensitive skin .
i even gave up my braun for it .
these protectors fit really well and are very durable .
this is the stupidest part of the game .
we bought this one to replace and older one .
this balls are so big for ball pool .
the fit was great , very lightweight and comfortable .
very cheaply made and broke before i got it .
i could stand or walk all day in them .
i have this mounted in an '09 suburban .
we tried it on about 5 different phones .
i hate the color it turned my hair .
thought it was too good to be true .
the easy on and off saves time and frustration .
there are 20 grams of protein in each bar .
i guess you get what you pay for .
and charge time on this headset is very good .
the case looks exactly like that is shown .
i got this and tracked down some coconut oil .
it is easy to mix any and everything in .
but i did n't want to pay full price .
with the pressure cooker i made a few mistakes .
she loves it and uses it a lot .
no cost for shipping or for the new popper .
samsung is really great and this earphone never breaks .
do not even waste your money on this case .
it 's a shiny hot pink and very pretty .
the case was shipped quickly and works as expected .
the legs are just too thin and springy .
i bought two of these for our two dogs .
this product was not a success for me .
i bought this as a gift for my son .
there is one downfall to this extended life battery .
i really do like canisters a lot better though .
it is also great for hanging purses and umbrellas .
this is a very good product for the price .
i got this because my place is tiny .
disappointed , because the old version was really great .
i bought closys yesterday as an alternative to listerine .
horrible ! both of my cases looks terrible .
i ended up buying the dresser to match .
aluminum is tried and tested and provides professional results .
also protects camera lens that sticks out from inspire .
this dryer is excellent and very very good quality .
nice grip-able leather surface & feels good to hold .
do not buy this as it will fail .
a definite +1 for how they handled this .
i have no complaints at all about the machine .
they should have put more time/effort into this game .
the replacement arrived with a nearly identical crack .
i got this for my eight year old grandson .
my brother and i are big fans of coffee .
it allows you to juice with or without pulp .
price is very low considering the high quality .
i chucked this sucker and got seperate timer .
quality is good and description is as stated .
it makes fast work of coring an apple .
i use this for my ipod touch 4th generation .
sort of a workshop of sorts and/or a den .
i liked the fact of the royal jelly ingredient .
why oh why did n't i read the reviews .
anyway it kind of tasted like it smelled .
stock firing distances were less than a non-modified raider .
the smoke color blends in nicely with the captivate .
but , figured i would check amazon for pricing .
i guess yo get what you pay for .
i use for both my ipod and iphone .
not quite hot enough.so i checked the manual .
it is worth every penny you spend on it .
this is in a different city than the gs108 .
total of 4 1/2 strands inside the outer shell .
even the hot water trick did not help .
i purchased this straightener after reading the reviews .
i hope they do release one next year .
this product is much harder to use than described .
this product has performed flawlessly in my travels .
i ca n't say enough good things about pyrex .
it just looked like another screw to me .
it was very easy and quick to remove .
my 13 year old son loves this headset .
i purchase these after reading so many good reviews .
no accommodation has been made for the extra attachment .
this is n't worth owning at half the price .
it was like being in a haze for hours .
this one is made well and i love it .
i have have revised my review of this product .
it 's very spacious and heats up real quick .
at times the revolution was faster then the thunderbolt .
one use and in the garbage can it goes .
but that makes it perfect for a single meal .
it was just an all around bad buy .
i dont understand these complaints with the plastic cleaner .
i have also steamed fresh carrots and asparagus .
heat is well distributed and bakes bread evenly .
i ordered a blue pair and a black pair .
but within 2-3 weeks it hardly held a charge .
moved antenna on both units with little change .
ive only used it once but it worked .
so slow my daughter is n't interested in it .
for years with the call of duty series .
the volume control and audio quality are adequate .
this one is far and above the dak .
i 'm going to give that one a whirl .
we have the old version of this phone .
i do not recommend this product at all .
i found this toy to have a fatal flaw .
she just takes care of many beloved things .
after a few days it would not turn on .
i 'd highly suggest buying it for this price .
to go without a phone that long is unacceptable .
i bought my first one in nov , 2011 .
i read all the reviews for many slicers .
this is my second iteration of this device .
most mascaras will make my eyes swell shut .
well , you would only be able to think .
ugh - this thing is a major disappointment .
only gripe is i wish it had more velcro .
my friend uses it in his kitchen just perfectly .
mine sits on a try , on kitchen counter .
i wo n't be using it this way though .
i made a good choice on this one .
makes an easy and nutritional breakfast or lunch .
perhaps you may find this bit of info helpful .
very disapointed with amazon and the air pump company .
earning money to buy things is incredibly difficult .
you can can with an eight quart presto ! .
the reading is given within about 1 second .
these are the knives i reach for everyday .
it just glides my razor literally without getting hair .
i found places where the cut was not smooth .
i would recommend trying something else before this .
but this game lacks some of that polish .
i 'd strongly recommend this to any blackberry owner .
these have to be the most uncomfortable shoe ever .
but all in all most cooks should have one .
at least you can use it for other things .
i tried it on plant trimmings , no luck .
a soft compound that would not be durable .
it protects and looks just like an otter box .
its as described and matte , perfect for me .
you do n't need this processed horrible tasting things .
sims anything sells like hotcakes and ea realizes this .
coffee was quite dry when i got it .
the weighted bottom part is crystal clear and solid .
i have ordered the morse tour sandal instead .
this looks like it is a cable knit .
the family with the dog grabbed them first .
i truelly enjoy this set and all it includes .
the cord is way too long for my liking .
still it does what it is supposed to do .
but yes it has a lot of cinnamon .
this is your tried and true measuring cup .
and i have found them to be great .
and we like to eat what she cooks .
phone or my t mobile to add minutes .
got it in time frame promised in good condition .
after about 9 years mine developed a leak .
it does work ok plugged into my computer .
it is my job to point out idiots .
this is a nice case for the price .
i have been using brita pitchers for years .
i do not hunt from a stand or blind .
everything but the handle can go into the dishwasher .
it is still functional and does its job .
but it turns out that he uses it .
i decided that i could n't trust the packaging .
works great in the vents of my ford explorer .
i received a return label in februay 2011 .
product is as described and price is right .
i love pure pop corn with nothing on it .
dont't freak out if it seems flimsy at first .
not sure what else can be said about it .
never got it white again so i trashed it .
i used the hose only on smooth cement surface .
this is located on the end of the outlet .
the name kianna is from a bratz doll .
i have a pair of 18 pound cats .
the bra was as loose as a goose .
this is a great chopper for every day use .
now i look forward to get the pasta attachments .
i purchased this product at my local pet store .
it has the nutritional value of a cardboard box .
if you 're looking for something fast try it .
the proctor silex kicks butt at heating water .
only 8 ships can be selected at a time .
this is the problem im having with the seller .
will stick to less expensive clay-based masks in future .
oxo makes solid products and nothing lasts forever .
it did n't help my nails one bit either .
i am never buying anything made by hoover .
1/2 '' is the perfect size for short haircuts .
many better rings for much less are available .
you keep it frozen til you need them .
because of this the mirror could not be assembled .
i kept feeling the fan for hot spots .
mirror tint looks razor sharp on my phone .
he would n't lick it alone on a plate .
grand daughter likes it but it will not last .
this phone case looks a lot better in person .
i took this immediately away from my child .
i came back with the sunrise to find it .
but i was determined , so i kept going .
smells like something old like my grandma 's makeup .
we have had these knives for 4-6 years now .
i have 6 cats and do cat rescue .
copper covered aluminum does not do the job .
this is a fun zebra case for my iphone .
this griddle is one of my favorite amazon purchases .
we broke a wire slicing a hard strawberry .
it is unbelievable in every sense of the word .
like that it sits up and it charges quick .
i would not recommend it to anyone else .
it was still far too foul to cook with .
i have no problems with these measuring cups .
comes with every connecter you could possibly need .
this cable only works with the lg optimus s .
the pockets to insert this into are very thin .
the boxes are just too short for big cats .
very portable and easy to fold upthe con's1 .
it is large enough and powerful enough for me .
i 've found this product worked great for me .
the functions of the keys are never explained .
the smarts are all on the tablet side .
no actual change in my skin tone , nothing .
sorry that i 've had to donate this product .
it 's so think and does not apply easily .
i think chutes and ladders could use another revamp .
insuffcient volume and insecure attachment to my ear .
the perfect size for a batch of home-made chili .
the jabra active earset works great for my purposes .
even my hunting knives get the best treatment now .
they are wide enough to hold lots of things .
i imagine it is more than 45 degrees .
it fits my ear with the included gel's.3 .
i just ca n't do that with this machine .
gave one as gift and they loved it also .
battery life is great and it 's super lightweight .
i would not purchase this item in the future .
i bought other ones on amazon that were crapy .
i bought this case back in june 2011 .
use that idle microwave to melt the butter .
in my opinion do not even waste your time .
i got my first one over 30 years ago .
when i saw this product , i was ecstatic .
i also wondered how healthy it could be .
i ordered the silver one and love it .
they have come down over the past couple years .
for example , he has just three facial expressions:1 .
i bought the 1100va about 10 months ago .
it is dishwasher , microwave & even oven safe .
these are the right size for my needs .
go with maxpedition and get your money 's worth .
good sound quality and clear delivery of my music .
apparently , my phone is too snug a fit .
it takes about two minutes to boil water .
i can no longer recommend current steri-pen production .
the % of damage done to vehicles is ridiculous .
these arrived on time and in great shape .
this filter reduced the problem to a manageable level .
i do n't want to be annoyed while typing .
it was bargained priced for the features it offered .
this rack just does not have wide enough spacing .
i have many electronic i can used this with .
band-aid used to be known for sticking for days .
not for the hard-of-hearing or people with loud cars .
if you are wanting a noisy heater get this .
the pain seemed worth it for amazingly smooth legs .
do not waste money on purchasing a pair .
would not recommend a purchase of this item .
i intended to use it for routine snapshots .
wanted new case and hard to find for 3gs .
screen large enough to read without reading glasses .
the unit is well designed , simple and elegant .
i returned this lens and got the sigma 50mm .
so i only used the tray a few times .
a 4 cup coffeemaker is what i have .
i could not open a single jar with this .
but definitely this blade safe is worth the money .
mine broke the first time i used it .
both have a constant hiss in the background .
starbuck instant did the same thing to me .
some times i also make dessert on it .
the picture looked great but i hate it .
i always had the headset hanging from a peg .
the goal is slightly different in each one .
they had skimped on the caramel flavor a bit .
do n't waste your money on the cheaper ones .
i would say it grinds between fine and coarse .
either x , zero or the new character axl .
to start with the shipping was a nightmare .
i am not sure why the handles break .
this is a wonderful little juicer for the price .
make no mistake , this is a great pad .
let me tell you something about this place .
nice cutting edge on the cutters , smooth cuts .
just put on the touchstone and you are done .
so cheap and delivery was before scheduled date .
there 's a lot of apps for this phone .
i just really wanted the classic connect 4 game .
i used this razor and merkur and feather blades .
now i just need to get the rabbit haha .
i first bought a global knife six years ago .
these are excellent and well worth their reasonable price .
so i 'm a bit of an electronics nut .
it takes quite a bit to turn my stomach .
what else can you buy for that price ? .
my 8 yr old son hates this game .
you also need to control the battery charging mode .
she 's quite a baker and uses them regularly .
the problem is it simply did not work .
i say they know what 's good for them .
i use mine with pancakes or egg sandwiches .
but also kind of baggy in the crotch area .
there are many natural and cheaper alternatives available .
my wifi system is operating inside the house .
i got this pie server for my grandma .
so , i used it with my guinea pigs .
i just love this little tea bag holder .
i simply have n't found one that is reliable .
the gel was leaking out through the fabric .
i do n't recommend using it for ginger though .
it works quickly without a lot of effort .
but these have stuck really well so far .
and it is hard to get them synced .
this charger works great with my galaxy s3 .
keeps me from having long loose cables dangling around .
color starts to peal off after a few days .
they are weather friendly and can withstand the rain .
but its too sweet i can not take it .
wish i had found this one long ago .
the food cooks evenly and there 's no mess .
i love having brita 3-pack because the price .
however , i have an old-style t-mobile samsumg phone .
one of my dogs certainly like this little tab .
i find they have good customer service so far .
finally the belt clip holds securely on my belt .
wash gently by hand after a short soak .
i am using it to put spinach dip in .
storage is easy since this does not need refrigeration .
traffic cones seem to set him off too .
i think it 's fun and easy to use .
it really is n't worth the price or time .
loved this vac , as long as it lasted .
i would not recommend this case to anyone ! .
i would not totally recommend , but ty anyway .
my screen has no options on the left .
a very good and reliable phone to use .
did exactly what it said it would do .
i thought it would give off more air .
panasonic has dropped the ball on their headsets .
a little short , shorter than a standard pen .
these sandals were made cheaply and the thong .
this pins do not hold your hair up .
very stylish and great coffee for the price .
the cost was low so i thought why not .
it was easy to bake with and clean .
once i got it on it looked good .
another handy camping/picnic item is the towel trekker .
highly recommend for great protection of your iphone ! .
i have no problems with the handles bending .
it is unfathomable how anyone could be so lazy .
they had me send back one pair to review .
it is essentially made of cheap dowel rods .
i do not like this product at all .
unfortunately one day the spinner motor stopped working .
but then this bag does n't fit anything else .
the machine makes a very good loaf of bread .
you can never go wrong wit henckels products .
holds charge with no leakage according to multimeter .
it will only accommodate 8 if placed length wise .
the main ingredient in this dog food iscorn meal .
the sharpener was well padded and wrapped in plastic .
if you cook you need one of these .
it does what the pros say it does .
this smaller spatula works well for smaller batches .
i have had my stand mixer for 30 years .
the up/down volume buttons are tough to push also .
i also found the sound-effects to be quite nice .
go to theessentials.com and you can find them there .
even with it off there is very low smoke .
it feels very well built and quite solid .
never expected such result from a natural product .
the springy clips rotate around , but not out .
kitchenaid customer service rep was efficient and courteous .
i agree with some of the other reviews .
was not pleased at all with this product .
another reviewer said these were a bit snug .
this has been an excellent coffeemaker so far .
after every use we dusted and cleaned it completely .
i saw all the great reviews and awards .
big enough for the store bought frozen pizzas .
this works better than cheesecloth and colander or sieve .
now i have the perfect cup of cappucino .
this behavior was out of the ordinary for him .
i never thought it would catch on fire .
get two for when you bake at holidays .
i can truly say this is a real dissappointment .
this product works as advertised and is relatively inexpensive .
everyone circulates around and disagreements have almost disappeared .
do n't know what to do with it now .
i guess you get what you pay for .
i hear that lasermax is phasing the uni-max out .
1 had more variety than just punching and kicking .
the tools are nice enough to use again too .
waited close to 3 weeks to receive this .
for my office and the frieling 17 oz .
every sunday i make iced tea for my dad .
this thing works really great for skype calls .
i used the resolve along with the carpet shampooer .
i found the sound quality to be really poor .
amazon 's corelle designs were more to my liking .
love the way it looks in my kitchen .
after a while the previously mentioned corkscrews stopped working .
there is very little peach flavor in this product .
i have always used roxio media creator 7 .
not to mention it looks great on my counter .
these make cracking a lovely little lobster effortless .
not hugely better , but it surprises me still .
i could not imagine cooking bacon in the microwave .
i asked his advice on what to purchase .
others have noted that the device does n't autoconnect .
takes up a lot of drawer space in kitchen .
sometimes you can take 2 steps and get attacked .
i am a long-time mirro cookie press user .
for the price , it was an ok buy .
the end result was that it quit working .
i 'm not sure what people are complaining about .
liked the material and the way it was made .
i thought sony always makes the best electronics .
there are two volume buttons for up and down .
maybe it helps some dogs but definitely not mine .
the cleaning attachment on this one is very helpful .
it was a very nice product at the moment .
its half the price and gets the job done .
the learning curve is not knowing where to go .
we were lucky when we first did it .
they 'll work just dont like the oval ring .
c-d even though i ordered and it says ddd .
perfect size for my big oster toaster oven .
these slippers are casual , wear around the house .
i even went online and got the update .
i love this tool i purchased from amazon .
i wish the product description had made this clear .
this was a straight forward and easy install .
a replacement was as much as a new unit .
you 'll just end up having to replace those .
nothing makes cooking easier than a great knife..look elsewhere .
the squirrels will chew the plastic perches right off .
do not buy a heater without a temp setting .
he told me never use with aluminum radiators .
this is not my 1st review of this product .
this toy was not to my kids ' tastes .
my wife almost puked when she smelled it .
why is there a limit ? this is stupid .
however the case is very nice and sophisticated .
i should have noticed that when i ordered it .
the pivoting cup makes loading and cleaning a snap .
i use the broth in my rice cooker .
this is the best cookie sheet on the market .
this fantasie bra is also very poor in support .
without wing or better said clip but fully functional .
the image quality takes a beating with this lens .
the headset works pretty well with my treo 755p .
this brand of tea felt stronger in the past .
i ca n't believe it gets such good reviews .
the wallet you save may be your own .
replaced this vga wire and picture is perfect .
it have to continually snap the left side together .
pretty much loved madden football up until 2005 .
i can live with that with the originals .
this is an ok light for the price .
no way it was getting an accurate reading .
the first tube popped with a little pressure .
this product is flimsy and a waste of time .
i have used them every day to cut things .
well made but simply too big all around .
i discovered that you must follow the instructions exactly .
after i purchased and then received four 11 oz .
the size is perfect for a novice cook.hey .
ever since then ive been battling the yest .
this is a great coffeemaker for the price .
this one did not work well out the box .
a clearly designed website would be second best .
i simmered some black beans in the 3-qt .
the fact that it 's pre-seasoned was a bonus .
that is the only redeeming quality about these tongs .
very disappointed because it gave me great ibs relief .
i bought my mom two otterbox cases for christmas .
i picked this up right before christmas on sale .
this was a waste of time and money .
it did n't even come close to staying on .
not a big deal , but something to note .
it leaves the old teapot in the dust .
i am never buying another linksys product again .
at no time has it lost its vacuum .
this is my last case for ipod touch .
sprint like htc to build them cheap cheap cheap .
what happens next is not what you want .
i clean them with warm water and steel wool .
i love this product and recommend it to anyone .
i am glad i ordered this charger with them .
spend some more money and find a quality product .
easy to install and makes your closet look great .
i bought these in both white and stone .
it is pretty thick so it protects the phone .
this lovely sunflower bowl sets a beautiful table .
i will update the performance here after more charges .
but i returned them because of the waist .
apple makes the most unbelievable products hands down .
it is not for a pentax 50mm lens ! .
this was not the product that gave me this .
so , this seller seems to be quite good .
pretty good protection for a low profile case .
my friends enjoy these glasses straight from the freezer .
five star service from a five star product/company .
the phone stopped making phone calls last sunday .
very easy to assemble and very well made .
i was not pleased with these at all .
this works great with my t-fal deep fryer .
it never charges my battery like its supposed to .
that was also after i installed the patch .
i picked this model based on the reviews .
this product is a total waste of money .
this measuring cup set certainly meets those standards .
other then the one issue it worked great .
this case really does live up to the advertising .
it 's an excellent knife at a bargain price .
it works well and the battery charging is fast .
i bought 2 because the price was good .
the clips do n't work on all ac vents .
great stand so my phone isnt all over .
one of the best belts i 've ever had .
i could not turn on the phone at all .
it was perfect-golden brown on top and cooked perfectly .
the target audience for this game is low .
works well with half or less container filled .
started getting my veggies from the farmer 's market .
and the guided set up was a breeze .
these prepackaged curries are edible but not too tasty .
the included wrist pad was n't any help either .
i got two sizes and they are great .
did not taste or feel good in my mouth .
it did not give any volume to my hair .
it 's just a great kitchen accessory to have .
i tossed it after a week of use .
it holds a lot and is very stable .
oxo is a good brand & it is steel .
looking forward to making soups with this too .
purchased 3 different glass pitchers for the fridge .
now i get consistent readings on the hallway floor .
i use the sony batteries without any issues .
i love it for searing when i cook .
that fact alone is what made me stop playing .
i have two otterboxes now and they are great .
faberware is always a good realistic priced product .
just make sure it fits your processor model .
this is a great turner for lots of things .
also tried the snacks and are not any better .
never really got a good shave out of this .
the best part - the price is unbeatable .
may be for younger kids it would be fun .
the foot pedal feels very sturdy and reliable .
very dull and not able to be sharpened .
fresh brewed coffee in 3 minutes at 6:30 a.m .
the designed fits snug and it is strong .
the case broke already after a month of use .
this thing is super durable and makes great coffee .
the power on/off switch is really horrible and flimsy .
went to charge it and indicator lights said full .
oh my god , yes the graphics are amazing .
i made mine into a cute fish bowl .
i have 7 cases and may buy more .
i am very happy with this dispenser system .
i would not recommend these chips at all .
there are definitely better play food options out there .
but i needed something less fragile to fry in .
i ordered the extra discs so robles solved .
the bluetooth stereo works seamlessly with my car .
it makes smaller pieces so much easier to handle .
tried a cheap set and those scratched in days .
tinkered in settings & then renamed my ssid .
not recommended for people planning to swap batteries often.3 .
the face of the earpiece is sensitive to touch .
it has 100 % changed my hair and skin .
tried cheaper ones and will stay with these .
for a headset , it is the ear holder .
jak acts more like a criminal than a hero .
hopefully , i can return it for a refund .
i just wish we bought one years ago ! .
it literally covers at least 1/3 of my stove .
it was handy to use in an emergency though .
it works great and the eggs peel easily .
i have 2 pieces of lodge cast iron cookware .
these seriously do not look like this picture .
popped corn in this about 5-6 times so far .
more of a special occasion or weekend thing .
that was not its intended design , or function .
for one thing , it is definitely not square .
i liked all the hidden characters you could be .
it was n't long before she broke it through .
this hand mixer power is like no others .
perfect fit did not have to trim corners .
the color is a very odd shade of yellowishgold .
with a little pressure it minces the garlic easily .
but this plug helped change all of that .
i have explored several vegan and alternative diets .
the pot is very thick and distributes heat evenly .
the big piece did not do so well .
the leather underneath the film is completely unfinished .
this game should be in the platinum hits sections .
this allows you to make lots of juice .
easy to clean and stores away with ease .
the rest of the build appears cheap and chintzy .
so far i am not at all happy .
it helps my phone from cracking when it falls .
will have to shop around for a better solution .
i plopped out into my mouth and chewed .
perfect for a kitchen gadget ! i recommend this .
otherwise i 've been very please with this product .
i thought it did n't taste good at all .
it should be in a tube or squeeze bottle .
price too good to be true and it was .
read the ingredients before you buy this product .
it works but difficult to keep together and charge .
wow , is a lot bigger then i thought .
it makes a great cup of coffee though .
great price compared to the ones in the store .
i bought this for my puppy with great anticipation .
need a game that non experts can beat .
i have heard good things about tommie cooper too .
no way this should cost over 50 bucks .
do n't be scared off by the negative reviews .
i now wish i had ordered black for me .
i was informed of squaretrade by a coworker .
this pack will not last long under repeated use .
and have tried several different ones throughout the years .
otherwise , use a cassette adapter or rca adapter .
i would definitely recommend this product , hands down .
10th and the appliance was at my doorstep weds .
marginal improvement over build-in for recording a conversation .
two thumbs up for a safe and effective product .
before buying these i read some bad reviews .
i needed something to put on my desk .
i was on a 4000 mile road trip .
pouring out the litter is a physically assaulting experience .
protects phone well , but is still quickly accessible .
i can not imagine what it is useful for .
they are a mainstay in my busy kitchen .
have n't had any issues with it at all .
other humidifiers have not seemed to prove as effective .
the package i received contained a pair of fishnets .
never would buy again nor recommend to anyone .
recently i purchased the nt99d portable battery charger .
i actually bought this , with my hard-earned cash .
it uses guns in a far better manner .
one week later and it 's already lop sided .
tight fit , not attracting lints or tissue dust .
i consider this purchase a waste of money .
this is an excellent product.this is easy to clean .
i think this dog food is a complete scam .
it 's worth the addition on my pan collection .
this item is actually bigger than i expected .
jaybird has the best quality headphones for bluetooth .
it takes like 15 mins to charge too .
in retrospect , i can see she was right .
other than that the blade is quality and sharp .
for the price it is hard to beat .
you are getting some hardware that is going underutilized .
they look and wear fine for the first week .
i am going now purchasing a canon powershot a710 .
but after 2 years everything else is cooked .
i hang the from a hook in the kitchen .
for an affordable price , no complaint about it .
holds a lot and a true space saver ! .
the handle with the triggers is so poorly designed .
opened the box and was impressed with the appearance .
how can i send these back to you 's .
good quality and no problems with it so far .
i definitely will be buying an otter box instead .
the new foam cushion feels great on the ear .
if mine breaks i will order another one .
i dont think this dock is for iphone .
but my major complaint is the peeling teflon .
the lid on the tank will not stay closed .
do n't try to use the poach egged methods .
the vibrate switch dosent have a protective cover .
i left the first in a vacation rental .
in this package you get only one case/sleeve .
wanted to find an alternative to todays sweetnerw .
i bought this because of the rave reviews .
within 2 days it was pulled off and ripped .
i got this for my wife 3 years ago .
after trying this product i am very pleased .
no sense.i will not order from this company again .
this is a quality headset that will last well .
base coat works ok but improperly decribed on amazon .
sometimes stray colors get splattered on the image .
my old hat cost around twice as much .
he usually microwaves his cup out of the pot .
the description of this laptop was not accurate .
i have looked at the more expensive ones .
the milky base for the body wash is ok .
make brown rice at least twice a week .
but that was after using for 2-3 years .
hopefully it does work like everybody else says .
i even gave my friend a few of them .
they recommended the use of one of these .
probably will slowly replace anything that is not oxo .
i would not recommend this router to others .
i had a higher hopes for this product .
make sure you know what you need before ordering .
had a hard time with the thick crust .
it turned out it was just the usb adapter .
dont like the smell has a strong musk odor .
they are not springy as they should be .
the left stick drifts down all the time .
this is the lid for lodge 's 12-inch pan .
i usually wear large and i ordered large .
these are the best food storage containers around .
an xbox or playstation.this device is something different .
that was wishful thinking.the card never worked correctly .
it was fun , for the first 5 minutes .
the quality of this protection sheild is high .
perfect size and look for my newly remodeled kitchen .
it 's just bad quality or possibly seconds quality .
the cable is very thin and inexpensive looking .
you get what you pay for in this case .
their blades kept slipping over the vegetables without cutting .
the smell did not go away with several uses .
buy the kitchenaid and you ca n't go wrong .
great for measuring and mixing in the same container .
i guess i prefer my lanyard style holder .
this is pretty good and very easy to use .
the device plugs do n't stay in the sockets .
this slingshot looks really rugged in the pictures .
the large bowl comes in handy for mixing salads .
the quality is not cheap and easy to remove .
also will not go easily into my back pocket .
thank you so much who ever invented these .
little large but 2-cup would have been too small .
it also has a strong fake cheese flavor .
and it is in a heavy duty metal shell .
be wary of the hype on the packaging .
the case is good quality and made really well .
it also works on my japanese mixing beaker .
i want those four hours back that i wasted .
you get exactly what is pictured which is refreshing .
and even if there was , warn your customer .
like the improvement of mute functionality over hx550 .
these are simply basic pieces of storage ware .
this is the best veggie scrubber i ever bought .
it sits vibration free on the counter while grinding .
this is the only brand i have ever used .
i do not notice any effect from this product .
this is exacly what i thought it would be .
i did not like the taste of this tea .
my last one died after 5 years of use .
i guess i learned not to get aftermarket products .
i ca n't disagree with what others have said .
the online banking application does everything for you .
it unlocked my pantech c790 just like that .
i actually do love this paper towel holder .
it was packaged well and arrived on time .
so i just use water in the serum .
manufactured by panasonic for their equipment , works perfectly .
of course the 9v battery has to be external .
we much prefer the waterpik over the quickbreeze .
i just ca n't take the sloppy pee-pad world .
i would recommend this product to a friend .
have enough to last me for guite awile now .
the cord is attached to the pot with magnet .
on the down-side , the droid is quite heavy .
at a 9 1/2 '' handle it is shortish .
you have to get a customer burner like audiograbber .
so unrecamendale unless you love live to death.peace .
i have ordered a mesh filter for it .
i purchased this item for my plantronics voyager pro+ .
the era gives the option of disabling a2dp .
these are so artificial tasting and just plain terrible .
simple green worked better , if that helps anyone .
i 've never even used soap in the pan .
they do indeed last forever without much babying .
i 've had many of them because of this .
good buy if on sale.hope it lasts two years .
the base was uncomfortable and the sole was slippery .
this works great and is really easy to clean .
this unit dose a quick job and easy cleanup .
the product is easy to use and setup .
we poured the rest of the pot out .
so i wish it was a little sturdier .
delicious and most importantly , no sticking to anything.but .
the forward-track and backward-track functions were less so .
now i know why people rave about this knife .
it feels like an extension of my hand .
she is otherwise quite happy with the forms .
later i realised the dvd player is faulty .
all i got was an error when scanned .
i take this new trent external battery everywhere .
no i do not put it in the dryer .
i gave it one star in a relative sense .
it will be replacing my current stick-style steam mop .
i hope one of my kids becomes a podiatrist .
do not spend your hard-earned money on this product .
all four attach to a sturdy plastic ring .
i have nothing else to say about them .
we thought she broke her arm at first .
the one quart size finished out my cookware upgrade .
i tried this for my nails which were splitting .
i also take it traveling all the time .
i put the top piece on and immediately flip .
nice visuals but slow game that feels outdated .
but when i went to use it today .
the rubber head is stiffer and more sturdy .
so i guess this was a successful order .
full battery life of my phone is now restored .
it definitely brings the cafe ' to the man .
i tried this with my stereo and various radios .
i would not buy again no matter how inexpensive .
i use it to charge and sync my phone .
difficult to put on properly and offers little support .
note that 8 cups does not mean 8 cups .
this has turned me away from netgear forever .
i tried to resell and its worth 25 cents .
slightly bigger than i expected , but worth it .
holds a good amount and chops fast and easy .
i could barely get this thing through my hair .
i wondered why i never got one before now .
it is really really easy to use and clean .
great for nachos , not so great for salads .
it was practically the only thing she asked for .
have them nicely displayed for everyone to see .
all sort of issues.this is a solid combination .
this one works as i had hoped for .
highly recommend for anyone who is on-the-go often .
i 'm going tho miss it to be honest .
works just as well as more expensive versions .
it still keeps on rebooting itself every few minutes .
the presentation is very unique and looks great .
a lot less clean up than using a skillet .
there are better track ball mice out there .
the coffee is ready in just a few minutes .
because its not meant for my type of hair .
planning on getting it as a gift for others .
i have to power-cycle it almost every day .
these are a great addition to any kitchen .
this is the best knife i have ever used .
so far all have been smart and long-lasting purchases .
the major improvement is the same for both .
it turned the water cloudy in a couple hours .
the verdict is still out on this product .
they claimed that this stuff helped with tinea versicolor .
i will try a panasonic polarizer and report .
but i like the features on a smartphone .
the heavy duty plastic is nonbreakable , unlike glass .
it is easy to wash once soaked in water .
i need a french press and espresso grind .
the body wash and lotion are just ok .
it also looks really ugly on white iphones .
i keep this in my office for tea .
use powdered sugar instead of granulated for best results .
i should have received a full refund months ago .
every cookie jar i own is air tight .
the trigger is on the bottom of the handle .
there have been no results to thickness or length .
like in the picture the other customer posted .
this is not the case with this roll .
soaking in yogurt is another option as well .
after the rave reviews , i was totally disappointed .
the body and a lot of parts are plastic .
but husband said , maybe it was his fault .
it was great as long as it worked .
it 's a nice size for a smaller fridge .
much better price than from the local hardware store .
the clear screen protector was not on securely .
so far so good with these ice trays .
they all perform their function well and with style .
on a positive note the item arrived very quickly .
they give up and send me to phone support .
the braun aquaexpress is easier to use and quieter .
this works like a jewel and makes great-looking cakes .
may be hats should n't be bought on line .
i have been impressed with it so far .
this is the first dv camcorder i 've bought .
the internet on-line games are rife with cheating .
i really loved the case and it worked well .
have n't had a problem with my tivo since .
had a e65 before and older phones from nokia .
i buried it in the trash where it belongs .
as good knives go , it is a bargain .
it is a heavy duty press and not flimsy .
the measurements will hold quart jars with ease .
i got a small set from a high-end store .
i will by the exact same one again .
i returned mine and am better off for it .
i bought this thinking i wanted very accurate gauge .
it performed very well and my rolls were perfect .
i purchased these speakers about a year ago .
most of their toys are made in china now .
it fell off every time i dropped it .
it seemed the rotating mechanism was un-alined and stuck .
which do a fairly good job.this grill is different .
i ordered this because it fit all my criteria .
overall this seems to be a good juicer .
my white wine glasses are from this series .
season to taste with salt and white pepper .
i think it makes the pocket case looks worse .
i love to bake and this works pretty good .
i guess htc phones are notorious for this .
this comes with 4 flats and 2 philips .
really liked the design and quality of the sleeve .
send a clear message to this backwards company .
thought it was more like a creamy like .
as far as listening to music they are bad .
my son would slip and slide all over .
a bigger one would be a waste of space .
they are easy to clean and are perfect size .
the other is still working after 2 weeks .
keep that in mind if you buy this product .
use it all the time and love it .
this was for my husband.he says he likes it .
it is just not a good quality cat food .
i just ordered a replacement pair of clarks .
their dmso is produced through a chemical reaction .
the legs allow you to get coals underneath it .
it just simply did not work for me .
great protection for anything that fits in it .
the inside of the bowl is uniformly round .
it did not last through the first play .
repeated heating and cooling makes the plastic brittle .
there is a pocket slot about halfway down .
u have to push hard and pull hard .
wow ! i actually had to throw these away .
i recommend every family owning one of these ! .
i have used fresh and clean products for years .
the neighborhood is full of pecan and oak trees .
nice design and smaller than the otterbox defender series .
i bought this hand blender two months ago .
makes waking up in the mornings worth it ! .
very easy to clean and do not stain .
the force is very unevenly applied throughout each cycle .
it washes easily.i just wish it were bigger ! .
it honestly looked like i was becoming a reptile .
as it turns out i could n't be happier .
possibly the worst multiplayer of any game ever .
this beverage claims to be better than milk .
the saying you get what you pay for fits .
the pegs screw on separately to the top piece .
it also works with other cookware besides lodge .
i ordered this fryer for my daughter for christmas .
i doubled up on the 4- and 6-qt .
i actually appreciate the lighter weight of this pot .
this set was the best thing i could find .
pyrex is a perfect wedding gift or housewarming gift .
the usb cord is working well with my phone .
it 's a bit of cleanup at night vs .
it has a sticker that can not be remove .
i ordered this presto pressure cooker as a replacement .
it has a carrying handle so it quite mobile .
i returned it without even trying it on .
these things are all on the dollhouse itself .
it 's also easy to transport on the reel.g .
the mascara is flaky and smears extremely easily .
perfect for a single person or personal office item .
bit expensive but you get what you pay for .
i 'm sure a young teen will enjoy the .
buy regular meat tenderizer from costco , same stuff .
this food processor is perfect for my uses .
i like the design and the pull out crock .
i received the lg tone as a gift .
if i wanted pistachios i would 've bought them .
i love that the cup comes with a lid .
this is the gold standard for blade sharpening .
i needed a protective case for our phone .
let it die , charged it and started over .
no overfilling/splashing.-wide lid for easy cleaning of the inside .
swivel the part that actually **holds** the phone upside-down .
everyone has the same chains of melee attacks .
this will make the rainbow six friends very disappointed .
dropped the rating to 2/5 stars from 4/5 .
this is the thing needed for a busy household .
it came very quickly and was easy to install .
kept this charged and slipped it in my wallet .
also the price ; it is worth every cent .
i love knowing the time , temperature and forcast .
will return promptly as these are literally ruined .
i wish i could get my money back .
i can get better cases for less money .
we ended up just throwing the whole bag out .
i really like the perfect size of it too .
my 5 yo received this as a gift .
i had this case on my blackberry for years .
i only kept it because of the cool sounds .
i have had these for over a year .
several months have passed with no more itching .
wear tights or orthopedic stockings sometimes for relief .
this otterbox is a great protector for your iphone .
we ended up with 10 tiny little gems .
it does work with the black iphone 4 however .
i found it to be thick and sticky .
perfect for showing off wine , red or white .
once it burns out , i will not repurchase .
i 'll update if i have more to say .
there 's not a whole lot to this thing .
they are for items no need to be heated .
good durable surface and ca n't beat the price .
graphics are chucky and the textures are ugly .
i used to get one pimple at a time .
i will have to look for other brands .
this product is not of so good quality .
then the problem is how to hold the cheese .
radio has poor calibration of frequency poor sensitivity .
vibrates all over the place when it does run .
this product came recommended by my local beauty supply .
i feel like i got a new phone .
not one worked for more then a few minutes .
we have had no issues with the leapster system .
i bought from a 3rd party retail off amazon .
i 've had this bluetooth literally for years now .
trail was difficult to follow for the first .
this product is exactly what i was looking for .
i have had mine for all most ten years .
this is exactly the knife i was looking for .
oster should spend more time testing their products .
looks are great the the blue color is unique .
i owned one for more than 50 years .
needed an additional charging cable to leave at work .
this lid is very nice quality cast iron .
i found the sound to be sub par .
this tray was just what i was looking for .
feels like nails pressing into your ear canal .
wasted a double purchase.it went together sort of easily .
i highly recommend the presto 6850 electric skillet .
at least try making your own homemade protein bars .
what i recieved was two pair with zippers .
it also folds easily for storage in your freezer .
they literally tasted like brownies with almonds in them .
i ca n't bring myself to use it again .
not even an attempt at spinning wheels - nada .
you can store lots of stuff in this .
hours later and it 's still on my tongue .
claritin used to be the best thing around .
it helps keep my cat room odor free .
when done , you will hear a loud alarm .
i use it for a hand soap dispenser .
this was not up long cause it malfunctioned .
this is sooooo easy to use and works perfect .
this stuff smells good , but thats about it .
you can use those in about an hour .
i hate to see animals suffer like that ) .
i am so glad i did finally order it .
we were delighted to find the same model .
they also are great to bake my biscuits in .
why anyone would spend money on microwave popcorn .
i will give to my daughter for her car .
the +5v pin is n't connected for some reason .
sometimes they are thin ; sometimes they are thick .
definitely this is not cocoa tea at all .
she did n't even try to figure it out .
and hope i can use it in the future .
i bought a few different brands to try .
this will drive you insane in a hurry .
there is no place to find another camera .
that was not the case with the first one .
it used to have body and was shiny .
no way would i pay any money for it .
mary kate and ashley pocket planner - gbc23 .
i have had one for about a year now .
you have little to no fun playing this .
this is an idea whose time has not arrived .
i received this product and was super pumped .
i dont hate anything but cauliflower and snakes so .
best set of measuring cups i 've ever owned .
if you want true good bulbs goto superbrightleds .
but this is the one i use the most .
try another playskool product instead of this one .
the dogs sleep upstairs and the water supplyis downstairs .
i found jet-force gemini to have more redeming qualities .
i hope to use it until it falls apart .
ive been using this product for over a year .
i am very pleased and impressed with this case .
