'the chteau is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun . 
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad . 
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum . 
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad . 
renner ? s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance . see it for his performance if nothing else . 
the fourth in a series that i'll bet most parents had thought --hoped ! -- was a fad that had long since vanished . 
dogtown and z-boys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become " the punk kids' revolution . " 
an operatic , sprawling picture that's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length . 
mattei so completely loses himself to the film's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . 
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious . 
ou've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane . 
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways . 
chai's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack . 
it may not be " last tango in paris " but . . . 
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema . 
it's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins . 
despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience . 
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral--and , hence , more chillingly effective . 
everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids . 
an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment . 
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment . 
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle . 
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is . 
the mantra behind the project seems to have been 'it's just a kids' flick . ' translation : 'we don't need to try very hard . '
those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals . 
the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc . 
in the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is . 
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs . sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement . 
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it . 
an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that bille august does best . 
the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history . 
for all its failed connections , divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way . 
i couldn't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy . 
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire . 
the rare movie that's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it's based . 
this thing is just garbage . 
the only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy , jovial team . 
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox . 
[the film] tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful . 
witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image , but it's dench who really steals the show . 
ferrara's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . 
an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living . 
this movie is maddening . it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought . 
trapped presents a frightening and compelling 'what if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause . . . . then , something terrible happens . 
the movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable . i tried to read the time on my watch . 
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning . 
while mcfarlane's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films . . . it's also so jarring that it's hard to get back into the boys' story . 
as social expos , skins has its heart in the right place , but that's not much to hang a soap opera on . 
you won't like roger , but you will quickly recognize him . and that's a big part of why we go to the movies . 
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation . 
a tough go , but leigh's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film's often-mined and despairing milieu . 
an incendiary , deeply thought-provoking look at one of the most peculiar ( and peculiarly venomous ) bigotries in our increasingly frightening theocracy
fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy . 
it's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out 'amateur' in almost every frame . 
like brosnan's performance , evelyn comes from the heart . 
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer juan jos campanella's reputation in the united states . 
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term . 
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . 
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans . 
its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces . . . are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half . still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental . 
if you're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director's life , eisenstein delivers . 
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane . 
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled . 
a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of [besson's] earlier work . 
better than the tepid star trek : insurrection ; falls short of first contact because the villain couldn't pick the lint off borg queen alice krige's cape ; and finishes half a parsec ( a nose ) ahead of generations . 
though the story . . . is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament . 
grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback's heidegger- and nietzsche-referencing dialogue . 
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 
even better than the first one ! 
this isn't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work . 
a supernatural mystery that doesn't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors . 
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification . 
the film is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act . 
it's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage . 
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness . 
 " collateral damage " goes by the numbers and reps decent action entertainment  until the silly showdown ending that forces the viewer to totally suspend disbelief
the umpteenth summer skinny dip in jerry bruckheimer's putrid pond of retread action twaddle . 
the piano teacher is the sort of movie that discourages american audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film . 
they takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending . 
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources . 
ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing . 
it's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our hollywood has all but lost . 
generally , clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes . 
writer/director john mckay ignites some charming chemistry between kate and jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it's disastrous and kate's jealous female friends become downright despicable . 
not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers . 
longley has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days . 
lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s . 
audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the castro regime in less than saintly tones . 
the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp . 
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline . 
it's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours . 
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! 
the combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives italian for beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic . 
girls gone wild and gone civil again
mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances . . . and excellent use of music by india's popular gulzar and jagjit singh . 
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr . lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . 
kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble . 
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary . 
a fascinating and fun film . 
that it'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre . 
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier . 
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller . 
delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 
the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . 
the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . immediately . 
succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the police academy series . 
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this isn't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare . 
from the opening strains of the average white band's " pick up the pieces " , you can feel the love . 
it'll keep you wide awake and . . . very tense . 
never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man . the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive . 
this new zealand coming-of-age movie isn't really about anything . when it's this rich and luscious , who cares ? 
for dance completists only . 
if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is [cattaneo] sophomore slump . 
gently humorous and touching . 
does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of richard nixon . 
a workshop mentality prevails . 
a 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you'd expect . 
clayburgh and tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves eric schaeffer . 
deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant . 
like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone . you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv's dawson's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story . 
i'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film . 
desta vez , columbus capturou o pomo de ouro . 
they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness . and we don't avert our eyes for a moment . 
it's refreshing to see a romance this smart . 
the problem with all of this : it's not really funny . 
dissing a bond movie is quite like calling a dog stupid , but when it has the temerity to run over two hours , you feel like winding up with a kick . 
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness . 
a difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present . 
though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further oprahfication of the world as we know it , it still cuts all the way down to broken bone . 
as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects . 
this remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise : al pacino loathing robin williams . 
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie . 
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers . 
it's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that isn't just offensive -- it also happens to be good . 
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold . 
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations . 
a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know . 
there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . 
while it's nothing we haven't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it's more than a worthwhile effort . 
the film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity . 
soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable . 
if the count of monte cristo doesn't transform caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago . 
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things . 
what you would end up with if you took orwell , bradbury , kafka , george lucas and the wachowski brothers and threw them into a blender . but that's just the problem with it - the director hasn't added enough of his own ingredients . 
stuart's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of snowball's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating . but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert . 
the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies . 
 . . . unlike [scorsese's mean streets] , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . 
with notorious c . h . o . cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . 
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard . 
opera on film is never satisfactory . the art demands live viewing . the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen . 
chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . 
challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative . but it's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle . 
gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive . 
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie . 
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window . 
it's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . 
this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee , and it still is . 
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them . 
feral and uncomfortable . 
ramsay , as in ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid . 
an enthralling , entertaining feature . 
almost peerlessly unsettling . 
there is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false . 
as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . 
if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . 
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing . 
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie . it's too bad that the rest isn't more compelling . 
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . some of the characters die and others don't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares . 
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch . 
weird . rewarding . 
the film is a fierce dance of destruction . its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude . 
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances . 
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian . 
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films . 
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves . 
ritchie's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people's faces to the fact amber is such a joke . 
this romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in . 
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message . 
the name says it all . jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set . 
the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past . 
much of what is meant to be 'inspirational' and 'uplifting' is simply distasteful to audiences not already sharing [the movie's] mindset . 
there's something not entirely convincing about the quiet american . and that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by brendan fraser . 
if you're in the mood for a bollywood film , here's one for you . 
[haynes'] homage to such films as " all that heaven allows " and " imitation of life " transcends them . simply put , " far from heaven " is a masterpiece . 
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative . 
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question 'why ? '
davis . . . is so enamored of her own creation that she can't see how insufferable the character is . 
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil . 
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat . 
while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work . 
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn . 
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation . 
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies . 
the only way this supernatural snore-fest could give anyone a case of the frights is if they were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare . 
[w]hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands . 
despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed . the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center . 
 . . . a solid , unassuming drama . 
adam sandler's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying . 
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity didn't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . 
walter hill's pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity . 
bow's best moments are when he's getting busy on the basketball court because that's when he really scores . 
although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result doesn't fully satisfy either the die-hard jason fans or those who can take a good joke . 
while this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience . 
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton's ever-watchful gaze -- and it's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one . 
despite these annoyances , the capable clayburgh and tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age . 
when the fire burns out , we've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film ultimately fails . 
jackson is always watchable . 
pray's film works well and will appeal even to those who aren't too familiar with turntablism . 
for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 
has all the depth of a wading pool . 
it's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding . 
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . 
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation . 
this romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime england , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s . 
the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle . 
strange it is , but delightfully so . 
comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions . . . feel silly rather than plausible . 
an original gem about an obsession with time . 
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives . 
a must-see for the david mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking . 
michael gerbosi's script is economically packed with telling scenes . 
by the end , i was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious . 
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it isn't incomprehensible . 
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on bttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history . 
how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood . it's an actor's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones . 
the beauty of alexander payne's ode to the everyman is in the details . 
robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side . 
it's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x . . . look positively shakesperean by comparison . 
feature debuter d . j . caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter tony gayton's narcotics noir to life . 
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic . 
a thoroughly awful movie--dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy . . . a weird amalgam of 'the thing' and a geriatric 'scream . '
the plot's contrivances are uncomfortably strained . 
 . . . while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare's macbeth doesn't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
one of the year's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore . 
cho's fans are sure to be entertained ; it's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i'm not one of them . 
tends to plod . 
cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate vincent's days
this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens . . . or if it were subtler . . . or if it had a sense of humor . 
it's all pretty tame . the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it . 
a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that . 
'yes , that's right : it's forrest gump , angel of death . '
audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school . 
while the film is competent , it's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . 
a listless and desultory affair . 
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood's comic-book adaptations . 
the makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep . i like frank the pug , though . 
as it turns out , you can go home again . 
an appalling 'ace ventura' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton . if any of them list this 'credit' on their resumes in the future , that'll be much funnier than anything in the film . . . 
never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 
certainly the performances are worthwhile . 
the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission . 
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next . 
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc . 
its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself . 
the sweetest thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . but it does have one saving grace . a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman's point-of-view . 
i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending . 
all the small moments and flashbacks don't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition . 
the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us . 
grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
invincible is a wonderful movie . 
it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 
 . . . liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . too bad . 
it takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding . 
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . 
if this is the resurrection of the halloween franchise , it would have been better off dead . 
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we're touched by the film's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport . 
it's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones's diary . 
aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil . 
it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters . 
a summary of the plot doesn't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution . 
there aren't many laughs in this interesting study of the cultural mores of georgian jews in tel aviv . 
it's hard to believe that a relationship like holly and marina's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive . 
rain is a small treasure , enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic . 
the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . 
despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy . 
at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . 
mr . caine and mr . fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances . 
campanella's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael's evolution . 
[seems] even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels . 
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . 
ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible . 
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary . 
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more . 
meant to reduce blake's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane's superhero dystopia . 
except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartleby's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion . 
amazingly dopey . 
the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once . . . a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller . 
infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane . 
watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power . 
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife . 
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly . 
a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and . . . often misconstrued as weakness . 
unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit . 
a selection of scenes in search of a movie . 
this may be dover kosashvili's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic . 
like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . 
a generic international version of a typical american horror film . 
so routine , familiar and predictable , it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated final draft computer program . 
a pro-fat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances . 
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that's simultaneously painful and refreshing . 
not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through . 
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense . 
nervous breakdowns are not entertaining . 
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold . 
this is a superior horror flick . 
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock's thrillers , most of the scary parts in 'signs' occur while waiting for things to happen . 
what goes on for the 110 minutes of " panic room " is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals . 
a tale of horror and revenge that is nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one man's tortured soul . 
star wars is back in a major way . 
rabbit-proof fence will probably make you angry . but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that doesn't make you feel like a sucker . 
[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through . 
death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly -as-nasty -as-it- thinks-it-is joke . over and over again . 
on its own , it's not very interesting . as a remake , it's a pale imitation . 
it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot . 
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 
if kaufman kept cameron diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he'd have them mate . 
it's everything you don't go to the movies for . 
sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they can't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 
the movie isn't painfully bad , something to be 'fully experienced' ; it's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten . 
a faster paced family flick . upper teens may get cynical . smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy . 
here's a self-congratulatory 3d imax rah-rah . 
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy . 
though it's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves . 
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore . 
green ruins every single scene he's in , and the film , while it's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that . 
i don't think i've been as entranced and appalled by an asian film since shinya tsukamoto's iron man . 
it's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain . 
succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies . 
all in all , the count of monte cristo is okay , but it is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based . 
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic . 
a well-crafted letdown . 
the acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from gilligan's island -- and the cgi scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year . 
the good is very , very good . . . the rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful . 
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard . 
an uplifting , near-masterpiece . 
read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love . 
i whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie-- for its historical significance alone . 
wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too . 
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . 
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it's certainly an honest attempt to get at something . 
the emperor's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality . 
the densest distillation of roberts' movies ever made . 
if this is satire , it's the smug and self-congratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook . 
though the film is static , its writer-director's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . 
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining . 
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air . 
it won't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee . 
 " brown sugar " admirably aspires to be more than another " best man " clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . 
 . . . wise and elegiac . . . 
reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich . 
about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come . 
swimming is above all about a young woman's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds . 
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics . 
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema . 
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say . 
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning . 
this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion . 
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner . 
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof . 
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 
this is no " waterboy ! " 
lazily directed by charles stone iii . . . from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis . 
abysmally pathetic
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions . 
it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins . 
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art . 
a frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that doesn't exactly favour the audience . 
choppy , overlong documentary about 'the lifestyle . '
rare birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable . 
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized . 
maybe it's asking too much , but if a movie is truly going to inspire me , i want a little more than this . 
the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy . 
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean 'dramedy' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . 
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable . 
disjointed parody . 
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility . 
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . 
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart . 
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them . 
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and b-grade stylishness . 
an uplifting , largely bogus story . 
an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts . 
even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there's something vital about the movie . 
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good . 
there's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing . 
scotland , pa . blurs the line between black comedy and black hole . 
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 
ihops don't pile on this much syrup . 
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull . 
it's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant . 
though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance . 
i watched the brainless insanity of no such thing with mounting disbelief . 
although barbershop boasts some of today's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom . 
 " the best disney movie since the lion king " 
this is pure , exciting moviemaking . you won't exactly know what's happening but you'll be blissfully exhausted . 
chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement . 
how this one escaped the lifetime network i'll never know . 
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece . . . so dull that its tagline should be : 'in space , no one can hear you snore . '
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that's enough to sustain laughs . . . 
odd and weird . 
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . 
director david fincher and writer david koepp can't sustain it . 
ns gosta muito de as duas torres . 
 . . . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . 
ahhhh . . . revenge is sweet ! 
one of the pleasures in walter's documentary . . . is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject's mysterious personality without ever explaining him . 
brilliantly explores the conflict between following one's heart and following the demands of tradition . 
a charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind . 
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions . 
usually when i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it . 
definitely funny stuff , but it's more of the 'laughing at' variety than the 'laughing with . '
it's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled . 
every nanosecond of the the new guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable . something like scrubbing the toilet . or emptying rat traps . or doing last year's taxes with your ex-wife . 
it's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . 
instead of trying to bust some blondes , [diggs] should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping . 
creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller . 
for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . 
a big fat pain . 
superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . 
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable . 
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . 
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top . 
as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys' novel " the death of napoleon " and directed by alan taylor , napoleon's journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks . 
the film's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality . 
an extraordinarily silly thriller . 
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid . 
[nelson's] movie about morally compromised figures leaves viewers feeling compromised , unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes . 
this one is strictly a lightweight escapist film . 
it's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair . 
the all-french cast is marveilleux . 
the re- enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well . 
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably wouldn't be too crazy with his great-grandson's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way . 
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make 'cherish' a very good ( but not great ) movie . 
schnitzler's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying . 
just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story . or a profit . or some damn thing . 
it's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring . 
the worst film of the year . 
the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze . 
tailored to entertain ! 
suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative . still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed . 
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel . 
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that cannot be denied . 
the movie's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow . 
whatever the movie's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes . 
it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it . 
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style--casting excellent latin actors of all ages--a trend long overdue . 
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look . 
if it's another regurgitated action movie you're after , there's no better film than half past dead . 
the film delivers what it promises : a look at the " wild ride " that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans . 
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , hlne angel is definitely a director to watch . 
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon won't be disappointed . 
watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard . 
at times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do . 
the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare . 
did we really need a remake of " charade ? " 
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams . 
daring and beautifully made . 
simply doesn't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time . 
the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker . 
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable " formula 51 " is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger . 
it's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought . 
blue crush is so prolonged and boring it isn't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be . 
a timid , soggy near miss . 
the filmmaker ascends , literally , to the olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster . 
it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . 
high on melodrama . but it's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast . 
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . quelle surprise ! 
would benigni's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ? 
its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film . 
if jews were catholics , this would be catechism
there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust . 
by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by more objective measurements it's still quite bad . 
you'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama . 
an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences . 
manages to delight without much of a story . 
 . . . think of it as american pie on valium . 
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction . 
this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world . 
the new guy does have a heart . now , if it only had a brain . 
on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness . 
a tremendous piece of work . 
it remains to be seen whether statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who says he has to ? 
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man . 
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted . 
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story . 
the inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth . 
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 
as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun . 
my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style it's virtually its own hollywood remake . 
pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical . 
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing . 
hardly a film that comes along every day . 
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story . 
oddly compelling . 
the film doesn't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it weren't such a clever adaptation of the bard's tragic play . 
for its 100 minutes running time , you'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 
in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . 
despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style . 
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you're going to alter the bard's ending , you'd better have a good alternative . 
i wish i could say " thank god it's friday " , but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over . 
a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy . 
a bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror . 
an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema . 
nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks . 
the film's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it's propelled by the acting . 
a well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality . 
it all looks and plays like a $40 million version of a game you're more likely to enjoy on a computer . 
[while the last metro] was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history . 
the 3d images only enhance the film's otherworldly quality , giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen . 
shot perhaps 'artistically' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by joaquin baca-asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity . 
the film didn't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due . 
any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors . 
ken russell would love this . in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino's climactic shootout  and meat loaf explodes . 
it will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days . 
super troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early zucker brothers/abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , the farrelly brothers . 
how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not . 
you won't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies . 
 . . . takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . if horses could fly , this is surely what they'd look like . 
karmen moves like rhythm itself , her lips chanting to the beat , her long , braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat . 
opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist's death bed and doesn't get much livelier in the three hours in between . 
 uma pena que , mais tarde , o prprio filme abandone o tom de pardia e passe a utilizar os mesmos clichs que havia satirizado . 
there's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to . 
theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical . 
an amused indictment of jaglom's own profession . 
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas . 
i'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r . nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen . 
matthew mcconaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy . 
there's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent . 
a very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale . . . a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more . 
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions . 
meandering and confusing . 
the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers . 
the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the americans , who have a passion for musketeers , only to spoof them . 
the picture's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed . 
a warm , funny , engaging film . 
during the tuxedo's 90 minutes of screen time , there isn't one true 'chan moment' . 
upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 
davis . . . gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences . 
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( " laissez-passer " ) wears its heart on its sleeve . 
a disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers . 
as [the characters] get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound . 
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser . 
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance . 
 . . . a rather bland affair . 
the movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it . 
leigh isn't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love . 
for anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man's response to stroke , ram dass : fierce grace is worth seeking out . 
this is as powerful a set of evidence as you'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives . 
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope . 
the vintage is pure '87 , with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message : fatal attraction = don't have an affair with a nutjob ; unfaithful = don't if you're married to one . 
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic . 
a sequence of ridiculous shoot-'em-up scenes . 
[cuarn has] created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy . 
they're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood . 
i'd give real money to see the perpetrators of chicago torn apart by dingoes . 
been there , done that . . . a thousand times already , and better . 
as a singular character study , it's perfect . it's also the year's sweetest movie . 
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book . 
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie's lack of ideas . 
disappointing in comparison to other recent war moviesor any other john woo flick for that matter . 
painfully padded . 
red dragon is less baroque and showy than hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than silence . but , like silence , it's a movie that gets under your skin . 
this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs . there can be no other explanation . hilariously inept and ridiculous . 
while puerile men dominate the story , the women shine . 
at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue . 
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored . . . audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter . 
by the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better . 
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny . a little uneven to be the cat's meow , but it's good enough to be the purr . 
the film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles . 
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points . 
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly . 
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious . it's too bad nothing else is . 
nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity . . . 
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee . 
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack . 
lilia's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous , but abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth . 
a surprisingly 'solid' achievement by director malcolm d . lee and writer john ridley . 
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie . 
the latest vapid actor's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler's reigen . 
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions . 
an interesting story with a pertinent ( cinematically unique ) message , told fairly well and scored to perfection , i found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive " missing thing . " 
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus . 
the reason i found myself finally unmoved by this film , which is immaculately produced and has serious things to say , is that it comes across rather too plainly as allegory . 
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded . 
u . s . audiences may find [attal and gainsbourg's] unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what hollywood typically concocts . 
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy . 
'[hopkins]doesn't so much phone in his performance as fax it . no , even that's too committed . he gets his secretary to fax it . " 
without ever becoming didactic , director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality . 
[taymor] utilizes the idea of making kahlo's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . this isn't a new idea . it's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion . 
an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story . 
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before . 
feels less like it's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers . 
episode ii-- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight . 
routine and rather silly . 
with recent tensions rekindled by the kathleen soliah trial and the upcoming trial of sla members emily and william harris , not to mention sept . 11 , its difficult these days to appreciate fire's bright side . 
when your subject is illusion versus reality , shouldn't the reality seem at least passably real ? 
a pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place . 
as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 
everything that's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television . 
fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way . . . that feels very human and very true to life . 
you leave feeling like you've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing . 
what might have been a predictably heartwarming tale is suffused with complexity . 
don't let your festive spirit go this far . 
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions  disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions . 
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , #9 never quite ignites . 
in the end , punch-drunk love is one of those films that i wanted to like much more than i actually did . sometimes , that's enough . 
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man . 
characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better . 
it's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland . 
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done . 
bon apptit ! just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies  from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . 
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is . 
over-the-top and a bit ostentatious , this is a movie that's got oodles of style and substance . 
though there's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish . 
while this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying . think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind . 
it's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that . 
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality . 
it's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable . 
as well-acted and well-intentioned as all or nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good . 
with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming . 
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter . it's not an easy one to review . 
imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes . 
only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience . 
filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low . fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water . 
i'm afraid you won't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . rather , you'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief . 
it's hard to imagine anybody ever being " in the mood " to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it's started . 
oft-described as the antidote to american pie-type sex comedies , it actually has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough
a chaotic panorama that's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags . 
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal . 
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . 
amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances . 
a thought-provoking picture . 
it's drab . it's uninteresting . it squanders chan's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt ! 
writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags . 
i don't know precisely what to make of steven soderbergh's full frontal , though that didn't stop me from enjoying much of it . 
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map . 
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation . 
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 
it's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense . 
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a " dungeons and dragons " fantasy with modern military weaponry . . . 
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip . 
wanker goths are on the loose ! run for your lives ! 
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled . 
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . 
it's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that's actually sort of amazing . 
a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick . 
pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura . 
an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing . 
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance . 
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son's home after decades away . 
director-chef gabriele muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale . 
it gives devastating testimony to both people's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good . 
morvern rocks . 
sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta undermine this adaptation . 
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . it never is , not fully . 
the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film suffers from its own difficulties . 
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids . . . getting . . . very . . . heavy . . . 
classic cinema served up with heart and humor
watching " ending " is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film . 
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race . 
it's so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . 
this is a heartfelt story . . . it just isn't a very involving one . 
a noble failure . 
bad company . bad movie . just plain bad . 
it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film : someone crosses arnie . arnie blows things up . 
eh . 
the most compelling wiseman epic of recent years . 
an animation landmark as monumental as disney's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs . 
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma . we don't even like their characters . 
a clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against . . . well , just stuff . watching scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both . instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy . 
a hugely rewarding experience that's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones's diary . 
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention . 
this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same . 
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung . 
a twisty , moody slice of southern gothic . . . 
boisterous and daft documentary . 
it's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence . 
jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissinger's record into question and explain how the diplomat's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives . 
tennessee williams by way of oprah's book club . 
sam jones became a very lucky filmmaker the day wilco got dropped from their record label , proving that one man's ruin may be another's fortune . 
an estrogen opera so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote ( and cannier doppelganger ) to diesel's xxx flex-a-thon . 
phoned-in business as usual . 
cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , the full monty , with something different . 
a cockeyed shot all the way . 
after all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying . 
drives for the same kind of bittersweet , conciliatory tone that three seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality . 
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one's appetite for the bollywood films . 
twist open the ouzo ! it's time to let your hair down  greek style . a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe . 
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . 
 " frailty " offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . and , there's no way you won't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . 
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . 
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play . 
the screenplay sabotages the movie's strengths at almost every juncture . all the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable . 
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . 
like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh . 
the film's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9/11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind . 
does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in- the-blanks with a tragic past . 
a moody horror/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director's well-known narrative gamesmanship . 
verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies . 
the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear . 
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade . 
how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of [franois and michle's] relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them . 
flotsam in the sea of moviemaking , not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising . 
despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still don't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another . 
the master of disguise is funny--not " ha ha " funny , " dead circus performer " funny . and for all the wrong reasons besides . 
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie weren't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is . 
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music . 
the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : they might be giants' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed . 
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language . 
if you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still wouldn't add up to the time required to boil a four- minute egg . 
ford deserves to be remembered at oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier . 
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america . 
the son's room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos . 
i'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
murder by numbers just doesn't add up . 
there's more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career . 
absolutely ( and unintentionally ) terrifying . 
 . . . they missed the boat . 
a love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats . 
light , cute and forgettable . 
between the drama of cube ? s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results . 
taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes . 
shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating patch adams , trots out every ghost trick from the sixth sense to the mothman prophecies . 
while the glass slipper doesn't quite fit , pumpkin is definitely a unique modern fairytale . 
frida's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it's among the most breathtakingly designed films i've ever seen . 
the film is painfully authentic , and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing . 
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject . 
beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes . 
too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century . 
the film is . . . determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation . 
hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation . 
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue . 
 . . . will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks . after seeing the film , i can tell you that there's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . 
responsvel direto pelo fracasso 'artstico' de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox no consegue sequer aproveitar os pouqussimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade . 
niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press
plodding , peevish and gimmicky . 
although german cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world's best cuisine , mostly martha could make deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists . 
pete's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish . 
it's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 
no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater . 
the farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one . 
liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase . 
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you . 
not one moment in the enterprise didn't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow . 
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman's posthumously published cult novel . 
tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard . 
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it . 
it's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son's room . 
bring on the sequel . 
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script . . . that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire . 
a solid film . . . but more conscientious than it is truly stirring . 
perry's good and his is an interesting character , but " serving sara " hasn't much more to serve than silly fluff . nor is it a romantic comedy . 
 . . . has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . it's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its " men in a sardine can " warped logic . 
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade . 
attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience . 
it is definitely worth seeing . 
the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism . 
although sensitive to a fault , it's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . 
what might've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors . 
samira makhmalbaf's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on . 
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 
the sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap . 
a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds . 
a modestly surprising movie . 
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy . 
whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as pulp fiction and get shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , who is cletis tout ? is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche . 
though the film's scenario is certainly not earthshaking , this depiction of fluctuating female sexuality has two winning lead performances and charm to spare . 
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups . 
this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what [evans] had , lost , and got back . 
has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents . 
you don't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that's the mark of a documentary that works . 
viewers of " the ring " are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes . 
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing . 
veers uncomfortably close to pro-serb propaganda . 
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age . 
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 
[the film's] taste for " shock humor " will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers . 
y tu mam tambin is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt . 
elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side . 
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there's nothing here that they couldn't have done in half an hour . 
i'm guessing the director is a magician . after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . 
her film is like a beautiful food entre that isn't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless . 
both heartbreaking and heartwarming . . . just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it's tremendously moving . 
a gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing . 
by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one . 
a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others . 
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not . 
credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment . 
 with one exception , every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it's a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness . 
a dreary rip-off of goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for hispanic americans . 
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other . 
 . . . an interesting slice of history . 
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper . 
[majidi] makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day . 
an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
there's just no currency in deriding james bond for being a clichd , doddering , misogynistic boy's club . 
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it . 
insightfully written , delicately performed
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation . 
goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse . 
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years . 
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than " memento " 
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve . 
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . we can tell what it is supposed to be , but can't really call it a work of art . 
human nature , in short , isn't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart . 
director andrew niccol . . . demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . his healthy sense of satire is light and fun . . . . 
a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion . 
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that's as entertaining as it is instructive . 
an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch . 
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done . it's a scorcher . 
i can't quite recommend it -- it's too patched together -- but i almost can ; it's the kind of movie that makes you want to like it . 
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits . 
even the finest chef can't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and robert de niro can't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy . 
the balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman . 
it's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere . 
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c . h . o . hits all the verbal marks it should . 
just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat . 
a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine . 
beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing . 
a peculiar misfire that even tunney can't save . 
the christ allegory doesn't work because there is no foundation for it
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers . 
a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . 
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers . 
narc is all menace and atmosphere . 
it's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it's also pretty funny . 
there are now two signs that m . night shyamalan's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs . 
i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers . 
should have gone straight to video . it looks like an action movie , but it's so poorly made , on all levels , that it doesn't even qualify as a spoof of such . 
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood's dirty harry period . 
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous . it's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history . 
fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots . 
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching . 
may take its sweet time to get wherever it's going , but if you have the patience for it , you won't feel like it's wasted yours . 
[there's] quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin . 
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing . 
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either doesn't notice when his story ends or just can't tear himself away from the characters -- but it's smooth and professional . 
it provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds . 
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . 
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama . 
you wouldn't call the good girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) , but when it's good , it's good and horrid . 
this is more a case of 'sacre bleu ! ' than 'magnifique' . 
it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit . so i just did . 
ong chooses to present ah na's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character's blank-faced optimism . 
an intelligent , moving and invigorating film . 
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection . 
turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting . 
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones . 
something must have been lost in the translation . 
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath . 
it is quite a vision . 
resourceful and ingenious entertainment . 
this heist flick about young brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of vin diesel , seth green and barry pepper . it should have stayed there . 
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 
kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . 
call this the full monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux . 
forget the misleading title , what's with the unexplained baboon cameo ? 
director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback . 
short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 
the old-world- meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco bollywood that , by the end of monsoon wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater . 
thanks to ice cube , benjamins feels an awful lot like friday in miami . 
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself . 
this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border . 
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom . . . you'd be wise to send your regrets . 
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities . 
i got a headache watching this meaningless downer . 
the great pity is that those responsible didn't cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home . 
as if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges , kathryn bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness . her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant . 
leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good , but not here . matters play out realistically if not always fairly . 
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett's familiar quotations
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . that's because relatively nothing happens . 
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , " orange county " is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background . 
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 . 
reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes . 
a marvel of production design . 
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull . 
contrived as this may sound , mr . rose's updating works surprisingly well . 
 . . . one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i've seen in quite a long time . 
a psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive's attention to detail . 
it's never a good sign when a film's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma . it's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition . 
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner . 
the film's implicit premise is that the faith of the tonga people is in every way inferior to that of john . 
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 
chalk it up to my adoration for both de niro and murphy , but i had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws . 
given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done . 
time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness . 
while howard's appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast . 
meandering , sub-aquatic mess : it's so bad it's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie . 
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price . 
too silly to take seriously . 
there's suspension of disbelief and then there's bad screenwriting . . . this film packs a wallop of the latter . 
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore . 
what eric schaeffer has accomplished with never again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary . but it's defiantly and delightfully against the grain . 
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored . 
unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile . 
this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated . 
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 
festers in just such a dungpile that you'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you . 
 . . . unbearably lame . 
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichs and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr . chips off the old block . 
though avary has done his best to make something out of ellis' nothing novel , in the end , his rules is barely worth following . 
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either . 
despite the fact that this film wasn't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it's still not a good movie
there's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television . 
caso voc sinta necessidade de sair da sala antes do trmino da projeo , no se preocupe : ningum lhe enviar penas simbolizando covardia . 
the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get . 
if you're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - decasia
typical anim , with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names . 
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics aren't likely to enter the theater . 
we root for [clara and paul] , even like them , though perhaps it's an emotion closer to pity . 
broomfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . 
impostor doesn't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast . 
while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they're presented with a wry dark humor . 
[shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . 
it's a grab bag of genres that don't add up to a whole lot of sense . 
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . 
one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou . 
you will likely prefer to keep on watching . 
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . 
makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the kurdish refugees of iran's borderlands . 
[city] reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of 'analyze this' ( 1999 ) and 'analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year . 
it's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that . 
this pep-talk for faith , hope and charity does little to offend , but if saccharine earnestness were a crime , the film's producers would be in the clink for life . 
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact . 
 . . . hokey art house pretension . 
poignant and funny . 
a portrait of hell so shattering it's impossible to shake . 
this movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it . 
a miraculous movie , i'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion . 
the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldn't care less . 
j . lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she's a pretty woman , but she's no working girl . 
uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year . 
a frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women . 
one of the worst movies of the year . 
ryan gosling . . . is at 22 a powerful young actor . 
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together . 
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life . a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged . 
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty . 
might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper . 
a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium . 
a subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience ; the pianist does not . 
the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience . 
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 
the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . 
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism 'urban drama . '
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama . 
whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors . 
you have no affinity for most of the characters . nothing about them is attractive . what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom . 
a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book . 
veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the film's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures . 
a breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom , while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters . 
it's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary . 
allen's funniest and most likeable movie in years . 
is this love or is it masochism ? binoche makes it interesting trying to find out . 
[a] stuporously solemn film . 
isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it . 
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist . 
while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . 
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it's in danger of going wrong . 
credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter . 
director chris eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking . 
it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , " look at this ! this is an interesting movie ! " but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 
rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment . 
nair doesn't use [monsoon wedding] to lament the loss of culture . instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 
might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people . 
it can't decide if it wants to be a mystery/thriller , a romance or a comedy . 
the filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers . 
a work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy . 
much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , haneke has a different objective in mind--namely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation . 
the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of " 7th heaven . " 
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 
there's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route . 
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept . 
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . 
going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through . 
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . 
this is a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed james bond into the mindless xxx mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs . 
it's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 . 
earnest but earthbound . . . a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast . 
a stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australia's film history . 
with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in . 
a well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog . 
although i didn't hate this one , it's not very good either . it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter . 
not once does it come close to being exciting . 
director boris von sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through . 
unintelligible , poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , harvard man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic . 
if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative . 
there isn't one moment in the film that surprises or delights . 
[an] absorbing documentary . 
cherish would've worked a lot better had it been a short film . 
murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud . . . and parmentier . 
may be spoofing an easy target -- those old '50's giant creature features -- but . . . it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today . 
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard's immortal plays were written by somebody else . 
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails . 
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 
a breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat . 
this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
there's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about . 
the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight . 
a fascinating but choppy documentary . 
the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its labor day weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits . 
it's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge . 
smart and taut . 
jones . . . makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $1 . 8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart . 
the movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that's all too rare in hollywood's hastier productions . 
the recording session is the only part of the film that is enlightening -- and how appreciative you are of this depends on your level of fandom . 
friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans . 
smothered by its own solemnity . 
a behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that's made a difference to nyc inner-city youth . 
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene . what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test . 
the film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime . 
[director] o'fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short . 
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
too bad maggio couldn't come up with a better script . 
men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce . an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job . . . 
psychologically savvy . 
a moving , if uneven , success . 
real-life strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders . 
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute factor here . not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching . . . gives a human face to what's often discussed in purely abstract terms . 
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . but fans of the show should not consider this a diss . consider it 'perfection . '
drowning's too good for this sucker . 
in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy . 
very stupid and annoying . 
must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry . others may find it migraine-inducing , despite moore's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding . 
a splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience . 
grating and tedious . 
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . in other words , it's badder than bad . 
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half . 
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . 
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there . 
in the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , like mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency . 
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture . 
like other great documentaries . . . this goes after one truth ( the ford administration's complicity in tearing 'orphans' from their mothers ) and stumbles upon others even more compelling . 
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals . 
a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing . 
the quiet american isn't a bad film , it's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar . 
a savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in america's culture of fear . 
a funny film . 
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling . 
 . . . feels as if ( there's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something . 
godard uses his characters -- if that's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks . 
the film will appeal to discovery channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses . 
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense . 
if you're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver's license , you should be able to find better entertainment . 
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want . 
a worthy entry into a very difficult genre . 
there's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . 
william shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot . . . 
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone . 
 . . . about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season . 
the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure . 
there's nothing remotely topical or sexy here . 
a brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy . 
 . . . the story , like ravel's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with . 
broder's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs . 
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . 
es divertida , visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida . simple y sencillamente te sorprender . 
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it's a bargain-basement european pickup . what's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
a close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late . 
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 
maybe it's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades . . . but honestly , analyze that really isn't all that bad . 
everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line . 
on this tricky topic , tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion . 
the movie takes itself too seriously and , as a result , it makes for only intermittent fun . 
the only time 8 crazy nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers . 
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set . 
it doesn't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality . 
whatever eyre's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place . 
shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic . 
try as i may , i can't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , 'thank you ! ' when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie . 
entertaining enough , but nothing new
the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense . 
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow ! is the kind of movie that's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low . 
just because it really happened to you , honey , doesn't mean that it's interesting to anyone else . 
writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon . 
writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call 'too clever by half . '
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky . 
only for young children , if them . their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes . 
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability . . . all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he's not trying to laugh at how bad it
there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . 
nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . 
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film . 
the film jolts the laughs from the audience--as if by cattle prod . 
nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and showtime is crammed full of them . 
a coming-of-age movie that hollywood wouldn't have the guts to make . 
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date . 
an ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent . 
rarely , a movie is more than a movie . go . 
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service . 
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking . 
every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency . 
nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about . 
dull , a road-trip movie that's surprisingly short of both adventure and song . 
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director's travel through 300 years of russian history . 
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices . 
if it's possible for a sequel to outshine the original , then sl2 does just that . 
these are lives worth watching , paths worth following . 
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics . 
feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class . 
a few artsy flourishes aside , narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days . 
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise . 
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . 
a half-assed film . 
 . . . delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story . 
it's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn . 
a surprisingly funny movie . 
de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork . but like bruce springsteen's gone-to-pot asbury park , new jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a city of ruins . 
tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often . 
spare but quietly effective retelling . 
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen . 
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion . 
for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future . 
a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of moore's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crme brle . 
a lovely film for the holiday season . 
i believe silberling had the best intentions here , but he just doesn't have the restraint to fully realize them . 
 . . . may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . this scarlet's letter is a . . . as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary . 
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin' . 
[lawrence bounces] all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place . 
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin couldn't keep my attention . 
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class . 
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing . . . but she and writing partner laurence coriat don't manage an equally assured narrative coinage . 
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness . 
the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows . 
has something to say . . . but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller . 
one of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever . 
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations . 
starts slowly , but adrien brody  in the title role  helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying . 
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it's exploitive without being insightful . 
at a time when we've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture . 
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious . 
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry . 
at its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best . 
the whole mildly pleasant outing -- the r rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of tim allen . 
it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play : even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original . 
the isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor . 
watching harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but boyd's film offers little else of consequence . 
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive . 
too close to phantom menace for comfort . 
the film is strictly routine . 
dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery . 
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream . 
a feature-length , r-rated , road-trip version of mama's family . 
celebrated at sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that's hard to beat . 
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide . 
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . 
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins . 
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it's a work of enthralling drama . 
too clever by about nine-tenths . 
it's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . but it's hardly a necessary enterprise . 
a bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of philip glass . 
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments . 
with tightly organized efficiency , numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension , miller's film is one of 2002's involvingly adult surprises . 
just isn't as weird as it ought to be . 
don't be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk . 
kurys never shows why , of all the period's volatile romantic lives , sand and musset are worth particular attention . 
an inventive , absorbing movie that's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist . 
if you thought tom hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you've seen him eight stories tall . 
proves mainly that south korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their hollywood counterparts . 
occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going . 
a grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level . 
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it's informative and breathtakingly spectacular . 
 . . . with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time . it's a trifle . 
she's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations . 
i don't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he's made at least one damn fine horror movie . 
it ain't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains . 
only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate . 
none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him . 
there's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery . 
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances . . . keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease . 
when the first few villians are introduced as " spider " and " snake " you know you're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak . 
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . this is a movie you can trust . 
if you're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you . 
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 
it's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot . 
ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what- time-it-is tedious . 
hey arnold ! the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ain't pretty . 
there is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure . 
though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker's flailing reputation . 
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere . 
playfully profound . . . and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows . 
borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy . 
malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain . but the movie's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . 
it's young guns meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs . -greaseballs mob action-comedy . 
the plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back . 
filled with alexandre desplat's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience . 
it's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be . but it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds . 
there aren't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs . the big guys . 
witless and utterly pointless . 
contrived pastiche of caper clichs . 
not a bad journey at all . 
boring and meandering . 
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness . 
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis . 
as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . 
just a kiss is a just a waste . 
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there's no indication that he's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit . 
sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film . 
 . . . the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy . 
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 
i can't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . 
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting . 
as it stands , there's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more . 
majidi's poetic love story is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times . 
we can't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . unfortunately , we'd prefer a simple misfire . 
after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father clich has been unturned . but no . 
this directorial debut from music video show-off higuchinsky is all flash . 
handled correctly , wilde's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked souffl . 
it's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure . 
passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone . 
slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot . 
too much of storytelling moves away from solondz's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur's professional injuries . 
roman polanski's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than 'shindler's list' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie . 
[a] shapeless blob of desperate entertainment . 
it would work much better as a one-hour tv documentary . 
not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ? -- but certainly hard to hate . 
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in . 
aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better . 
sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group . 
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs . 
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level . 
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed . 
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , [crane] becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report . 
if you dig on david mamet's mind tricks . . . rent this movie and enjoy ! 
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy . 
focuses on joan's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her " madness " so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and $9 . 50 on this 21st century torture device . 
if [jaglom's] latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing . 
spend your benjamins on a matinee . 
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it's a funny no-brainer . 
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . 
neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn . 
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr . , but there isn't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative . 
john mctiernan's botched remake may be subtler than norman jewison's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga . it's also stupider . 
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor . a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda . 
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they're struggling to create . 
 . . . a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations . 
take away all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie we've seen and all you have left are john leguizamo's cool jackets . 
with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 
a coarse and stupid gross-out . 
like a grinning jack o' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . 
more vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it's inoffensive and actually rather sweet . 
admirably ambitious but self-indulgent . 
o timo esforo do diretor acaba sendo frustrado pelo roteiro , que , depois de levar um bom tempo para colocar a trama em andamento , perde-se de vez a partir do instante em que os estranhos acontecimentos so explicados . 
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary . 
all the necessary exposition prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand 'n' sandal adventure . 
an exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , minority report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order
reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition . it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down . 
a very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy . 
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing . 
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick . 
often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed . 
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons . 
it's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s . 
a no-holds-barred cinematic treat . 
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer . 
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway . 
one of the worst films of 2002 . 
about schmidt is nicholson's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear . 
here's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep . but taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , the queen of the damned cannot be said to suck . 
suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling . 
although based on a real-life person , john , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours . 
the movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances . 
the problem is not that it's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes . the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material . 
greengrass ( working from don mullan's script ) forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation . 
the message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another . 
it's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments . 
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess . 
rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naf's encounter with the world . 
visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality . 
an encouraging effort from mccrudden
the paradiso's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film's final ( restored ) thirdemotionally belittle a cinema classic . sometimes shorter is better . 
it's a very valuable film . . . 
it's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety . 
a quiet , pure , elliptical film
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers . 
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution . 
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary . 
in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 
there is truth here
 . . . a preachy parable stylized with a touch of john woo bullet ballet . 
even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series . 
rubbo's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy . 
even with harris's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe lear's soul-stripping breakdown . 
do you say " hi " to your lover when you wake up in the morning ? 
the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers don't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types . 
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation . 
secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny . 
viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet . 
montias . . . pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters . 
 . . . the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation . there's already been too many of these films . . . 
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos . 
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects . 
the ga-zillionth airhead movie about a wife in distress who resorts to desperate measures . 
amid the clich and foreshadowing , cage manages a degree of casual realism . . . that is routinely dynamited by blethyn . 
it's great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again . 
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here . 
the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air . 
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like 'masterpiece' and 'triumph' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers' time with a gobbler like this . 
it's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that's just too boring and obvious . 
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man's quest to find an old flame . 
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it . . . . then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . 
an extremely unpleasant film . 
the komediant is a tale worth catching . 
one of the greatest films i've ever seen . 
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . 
this is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man . 
she may not be real , but the laughs are . 
it's tough , astringent , darkly funny and . . . well , it's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning . 
begins as a promising meditation on one of america's most durable obsessions but winds up as a slender cinematic stunt . 
it's harmless , diverting fluff . but it's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . 
a joyous occasion
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey . 
beware the quirky brit-com . they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental . 
canadian filmmaker gary burns' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city . 
an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama . 
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture . 
not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare . 
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled . 
[a] mess . 
this one is a few bits funnier than malle's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks . 
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy's holes , and the scripters don't deserve any oscars . but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment . 
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events . 
the film's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled . but  in trying to capture the novel's deeper intimate resonances , the film has  ironically - distanced us from the characters . 
although olivier assayas' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation . . . its three-hour running time plays closer to two . 
the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back . 
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression . 
directed in a paint-by-numbers manner . 
the armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment . 
a charmer from belgium . 
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst . 
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution . 
doesn't add up to much . 
count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater . 
arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . 
there's a lot of tooth in roger dodger . but what's nice is that there's a casual intelligence that permeates the script . 
predictably soulless techno-tripe . 
it is interesting and fun to see goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen . 
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 
a wordy wisp of a comedy . 
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity . 
so faithful to the doldrums of the not-quite-urban , not-quite-suburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check . 
extremely bad . 
if it's unnerving suspense you're after -- you'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for . 
a lot of the credit for the film's winning tone must go to grant , who hasn't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him . 
the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) . 
there are moments of hilarity to be had . 
it's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon . 
i like this movie a lot . i like that smith , he's not making fun of these people , he's not laughing at them . 
watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives . as your relatives swap one mundane story after another , you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart . 
' . . . mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '
what's most offensive isn't the waste of a good cast , but the film's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism . 
with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives . 
birthday girl doesn't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency . 
somehow ms . griffiths and mr . pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy . 
some movies blend together as they become distant memories . mention " solaris " five years from now and i'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share . 
from both a great and a terrible story , mr . nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience . 
happily for mr . chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match . 
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
as spent screen series go , star trek : nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there's nothing to drink . 
digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world . 
japan's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date . 
it doesn't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject . 
it's not that waiting for happiness is a bad film , because it isn't . it's just incredibly dull . 
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are . . . an amusing little catch . 
 . . . a movie that , quite simply , shouldn't have been made . 
halloween : resurrection isn't exactly quality cinema , but it isn't nearly as terrible as it cold have been . 
wins my vote for 'the 2002 enemy of cinema' award . 
a graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined . 
this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video --with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes . 
quite frankly , i can't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . 
attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage . 
it doesn't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one's imagination will lead when given the opportunity . 
often likable , but just as often it's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy . 
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . 
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity . 
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances . 
'easily my choice for one of the year's best films . '
arguably the year's silliest and most incoherent movie . 
director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ? 
less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) . 
i couldn't recommend this film more . 
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success . 
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself . 
you can see where big bad love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there . 
i simply can't recommend it enough . 
there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country . 
simplistic , silly and tedious . 
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient . 
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . 
seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what's left of his passe' chopsocky glory . 
downright transparent is the script's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a " cooler " pg-13 rating . 
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus . 
claude chabrol's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements . 
demeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material . 
[l]ame and unnecessary . 
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson . . . 
like a can of 2-day old coke . you can taste it , but there's no fizz . 
there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject . 
if you're really renting this you're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you're interested in anne geddes , john grisham , and thomas kincaid . 
mr . deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 
surprisingly powerful and universal . 
the issue of faith is not explored very deeply
i've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra's classic . . . 
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute . 
the movie doesn't generate a lot of energy . it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously . 
 . it's a testament to the film's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . there's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls . . . 
the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome . 
now here's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud . 
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor . 
one of the more intelligent children's movies to hit theaters this year . 
do not , under any circumstances , consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor . 
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects . 
why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 
if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera . 
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid . 
very well made , but doesn't generate a lot of tension . 
children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it . 
 . . . this isn't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels . 
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year . 
[grant] goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it . 
ferrara's best film in years . 
greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior . 
whether or not you're enlightened by any of derrida's lectures on " the other " and " the self , " derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . 
this is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself . 
i cry for i spy -- or i would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-tv spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind . 
naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . 
insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it doesn't disgrace it , either . 
if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story ( like , say , treasure planet ) or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , i'll take the latter every time . 
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling . 
a frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality . 
it further declares its director , zhang yang of shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future . 
it's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist . . . studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . 
even die-hard fans of japanese animation . . . will find this one a challenge . 
nicholson's understated performance is wonderful . as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he's neglected over the years . 
this is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be . 
so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises
this isn't a terrible film by any means , but it's also far from being a realized work . 
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants . . . who might be distracted by the movie's quick movements and sounds . 
this off-putting french romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of amlie . 
es una de esas pelculas de las que uno sale reconfortado , agradecido , genuinamente sorprendido . 
it's all a rather shapeless good time . . . 
none of birthday girl's calculated events take us by surprise . . . 
you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus . 
return to never land is much more p . c . than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing . 
denzel washington's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony . 
authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow . 
the whole thing's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels . 
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable . 
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world . 
crudup's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families . 
shanghai ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage . 
one of those rare , exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind . 
though jackson doesn't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees . 
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy . 
britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway . 
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give " scratch " a second look . 
it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling . " interview " loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 
to say analyze that is de niro's best film since meet the parents sums up the sad state of his recent career . 
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill . 
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches . 
a recent favourite at sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppard's pyromania . 
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope . 
for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . 
the threat implied in the title pokmon 4ever is terrifying  like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming . 
a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state . 
newcomer helmer kevin donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept  a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman . 
it has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion . it risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise . 
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately . . . dare i say , entertaining ! 
as vulgar as it is banal . 
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary . 
it does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they're being streamed over a 28k modem . 
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is . 
cinematic poo . 
both awful and appealing . 
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare . 
though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . 
disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material . 
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale . 
an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century . 
isn't quite the equal of woo's best earlier work , but it's easily his finest american film . . . comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his hong kong films . 
spain's greatest star wattage doesn't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy . 
[washington's] strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene . 
the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together . 
mais um momento inspirado de david fincher . 
offers that rare combination of entertainment and education . 
sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling . and in this regard , on guard delivers . 
what makes this film special is serry's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context . 
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme doesn't drag an audience down . 
puportedly " based on true events , " a convolution of language that suggests it's impossible to claim that it is " based on a true story " with a straight face . 
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely . 
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple  he's understated and sardonic , she's appealingly manic and energetic . both deserve better . 
the film's almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and sometimes destroy , blood ties . 
sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness . but what is missing from it all is a moral . what is the filmmakers' point ? why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? 
in gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz . 
it's just rather leaden and dull . 
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? 
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . 
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm . 
not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were . 
this may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other holocaust films , but it's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it's told by the people who were there . 
well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull . 
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results . 
feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network . 
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because [the leads] are such a companionable couple . 
a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it doesn't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world . 
the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be . 
atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary . 
richard gere and diane lane put in fine performances as does french actor oliver martinez . 
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy . 
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful . 
the film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today's cinema du sarcasm
a quiet , disquieting triumph . 
may be far from the best of the series , but it's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation . 
this follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric peter . 
this isn't a narrative film -- i don't know if it's possible to make a narrative film about september 11th , though i'm sure some will try -- but it's as close as anyone has dared to come . 
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park's . 
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining . 
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions . 
and if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy ! 
an elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller . 
a little objectivity could have gone a long way . 
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe . 
feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form . 
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j . k . rowling's marvelous series into a deadly bore . 
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition&#133 ; whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance . 
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties . 
not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry , but the film conjures the magic of author j . k . rowling's books . 
you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you've completely lowered your entertainment standards . 
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy . 
wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy , but it isn't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited . 
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch . 
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party . 
for decades we've marveled at disney's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . prepare to marvel again . 
all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . 
cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility . 
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community . 
the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . 
mike white's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make " " the good girl " a film worth watching . 
there is no entry portal in the rules of attraction , and i spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters . 
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious . 
murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous . 
if festival in cannes nails hard- boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 
exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos . 
pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life , but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer adam larson broder and his co-director , tony r . abrams , in their feature debut . 
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about . 
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . 
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire . 
now as a former gong show addict , i'll admit it , my only complaint is that we didn't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show . 
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie . . . without neglecting character development for even one minute . 
the film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but ram dass : fierce grace doesn't organize it with any particular insight . 
everything is off . 
this is a picture that maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool . 
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed 'the french lieutenant's woman . '
a taut , sobering film . 
while scorsese's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that " gangs " is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about . 
a moving picture that does not move . 
martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more . 
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down . 
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9  weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema . 
although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , tuck everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action . 
newton draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , mark wahlberg . 
colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , burkinabe filmmaker dani kouyate's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory . 
sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies , but fails loudly in execution . 
you'll end up moved . 
[moore's] better at fingering problems than finding solutions . but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood . 
to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed . 
though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial . 
shadyac shoots his film like an m . night shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension . 
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . 
it's a glorious spectacle like those d . w . griffith made in the early days of silent film . 
a chronicle not only of one man's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign's end , an extended publicity department . 
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest . 
nonsensical , dull " cyber-horror " flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting . 
the film's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen . 
bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda . 
clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable . . . 
adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary . 
theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . 
dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny . 
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 
a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps . 
hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in burdette's dialogue . 
about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men . 
like a medium-grade network sitcom--mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . 
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying . 
el peso de un lquido incoloro , el peso del lquido vital , del amor como elemento de vida , y de muerte . . . 
 . . . there's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . 
'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste . 
it helps that lil bow wow . . . tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid . 
one of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory . 
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 
director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand . 
for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian . 
to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichs , an assassin's greatest hits . to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . 
dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments . 
less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantino's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations . 
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty . 
the last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others' affections . 
the film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off . 
thriller directorial debut for traffic scribe gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces don't quite fit together . 
the performances are so leaden , michael rymer's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud . 
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences . 
if you saw benigni's pinocchio at a public park , you'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 
 " the emperor's new clothes " begins with a simple plan . . . . well , at least that's the plan . 
genuinely unnerving . 
hard , endearing , caring , warm . bring tissues . 
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale's tale -- you won't be sorry ! 
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . proof of this is ballistic : ecks vs . sever . 
so clichd that , at one point , they literally upset an apple cart . 
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt . 
talky , artificial and opaque . . . an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture . 
cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing . 
the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart . 
does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ? 
an easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character . 
the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess . 
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie . 
the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 
like schindler's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 
a hard look at one man's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol . 
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft . 
the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs . 
just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love . 
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man . 
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie . 
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film . 
it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen . 
all the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , all or nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit . 
maid in manhattan proves that it's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies . 
the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind--maybe too much . 
a great ensemble cast can't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar . 
the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor . 
unfortunately , kapur modernizes a . e . w . mason's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks " the four feathers " bare . 
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but " spider-man " certainly delivers the goods . 
a portrait of an artist . 
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie . 
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh's best films , " erin brockovich , " " out of sight " and " ocean's eleven , " never were . 
i'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . there's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease . 
[gayton's script] telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience . 
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer's bloated effects fest the mummy returns . 
there's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance . 
too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story wouldn't work without all those gimmicks . 
to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . 
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell . 
a flick about our infantilized culture that isn't entirely infantile . 
heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple's moral ascension . 
 " cremaster 3 " should come with the warning " for serious film buffs only ! " 
talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it's hard to stop watching . 
this is a truly , truly bad movie . 
not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted . 
more intimate than spectacular , e . t . is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 
the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll . 
pretend it's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . it's fun , but it's a real howler . 
while it would be easy to give crush the new title of two weddings and a funeral , it's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of hugh grant whimsy . 
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent . 
it's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes . 
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of . 
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here . 
a great ending doesn't make up for a weak movie , and crazy as hell doesn't even have a great ending . 
this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long . 
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy . 
a fine film , but it would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories . 
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way . 
a sober and affecting chronicle of the leveling effect of loss . 
the movie's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries . 
the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break . 
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed . 
a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . 
the long-range appeal of " minority report " should transcend any awards it bags . this is one for the ages . 
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality . 
nair's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances . 
exciting and well-paced . 
an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he'd gone the way of don simpson . 
never [sinks] into exploitation . 
high crimes knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort . 
a film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not . 
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow . 
not only is undercover brother as funny , if not more so , than both austin powers films , but it's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time . 
a gentle blend of present day testimonials , surviving footage of burstein and his family performing , historical archives , and telling stills . 
makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience . 
even in this less-than-magic kingdom , reese rules . 
an amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail . 
christina ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire . 
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 
witless but watchable . 
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi . 
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens . 
 . . . a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take . 
if you're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere . 
it's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just can't get no satisfaction . 
make no mistake , ivans xtc . is a mess . 
a real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us don't know . 
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x . 
you'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it . 
not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending . 
though its atmosphere is intriguing . . . the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression . 
once [kim] begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard . 
the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience . 
for all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , lily chou-chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam . 
a bit too eager to please . 
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . but death to smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end . 
like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably won't see the next six . 
we've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world's greatest teacher . 
a great companion piece to other napoleon films . 
not the best herzog perhaps , but unmistakably herzog . 
ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose madonna . 
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish . 
the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one . 
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . 
this starts off with a 1950's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 
in its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of grease , without benefit of song . 
frankly , it's kind of insulting , both to men and women . and it's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . 
thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality . . . takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the croc hunter agenda . 
it's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama . 
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters . 
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks . 
i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen . 
 . . . a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of legally blonde and drop dead gorgeous , starring piper perabo in what could be her breakthrough role . 
i've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake . 
 . . . pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards--with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism . 
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art . 
 . . . grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces . 
the film meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but wasn't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing . 
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place . 
the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies . 
if you're not the target demographic . . . this movie is one long chick-flick slog . 
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest cannot be revived . 
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool . 
many insightful moments . 
true tale of courage -- and complicity -- at auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable . 
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting isn't , either , and you wouldn't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ? 
this is art paying homage to art . 
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them . 
holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp . 
the movie is our story as much as it is schmidt's , no matter if it's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale . 
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do . 
the movie is amateurish , but it's a minor treat . 
an eccentric little comic/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality . 
boisterous , heartfelt comedy . 
the story feels more like a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing sayles dialogue . 
although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love . 
at its best when the guarded , resentful betty and the manipulative yet needy margot are front and center . 
it bites hard . 
video games are more involving than this mess . 
as banal as the telling may be -- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention . 
the images are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos , particularly where whitaker's misfit artist is concerned . 
this miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing flatbush machismo will get it through . 
a high-minded snoozer . 
i realized that no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked , its story was making no sense at all . 
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep . 
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings . 
so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride . 
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well . 
crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama . 
so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something . 
i weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider blue crush to be an intelligent film about young women . 
far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love . 
to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer's 'divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that's not saying much . 
like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q . is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause . 
don't waste your money . 
the actors are so terrific at conveying their young angst , we do indeed feel for them . 
while the script starts promisingly , it loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target . 
 . . . bibbidy-bobbidi-bland . 
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary . 
worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades . 
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise . 
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle . 
has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested . 
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who's who in this pretentious mess . 
whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . 
judith and zaza's extended bedroom sequence . . . is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics . 
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here . 
y tu mam tambin es un buen filme gracias a lo poco convencional de su narrativa , y es quiz el proyecto ms arriesgado en la carrera de alfonso cuarn
it's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit . 
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner . 
baran isn't the most transporting or gripping film from iran -- or , indeed , by its director -- but it's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations . 
ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 
it's tough to be startled when you're almost dozing . 
an impressive hybrid . 
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 
some people want the ol' ball-and-chain and then there are those who just want the ball and chain . 
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone . 
an impeccable study in perversity . 
it might be 'easier' to watch on video at home , but that shouldn't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience . 
consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than ali g
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce . . . lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 
bad . very bad . stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad . 
to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr . freud . 
it's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by elizabeth hurley in a bathing suit . 
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . 
this film is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay . 
a marvel like none you've seen . 
green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project . 
i'm sure if you're a hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself . . . me , i didn't care for it . 
graphic sex may be what's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake . 
affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things . 
a worthwhile way to spend two hours . 
astonishing . . . [frames] profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment . 
it appears as if even the filmmakers didn't know what kind of movie they were making . 
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life . 
certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic . 
enduring love but exhausting cinema . 
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . 
there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness . 
the story . . . is moldy and obvious . 
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle . 
collapses under its own meager weight . 
a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 . 
adults , other than the parents . . . will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild . 
smith profiles five extraordinary american homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities . 
 . . . overly melodramatic . . . 
i know we're not supposed to take it seriously , but i can't shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary . 
a blair witch- style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast . 
going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film . 
it's slow -- very , very slow . it's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie . that's pure pr hype . 
curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary . 
let's face it -- there aren't many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they're not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears . 
 . . . strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults . 
its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition . 
'divertida , enternecedora , universal y profundamente sincera , es una de las mejores comedias romnticas en mucho tiempo . una verdadera delicia . '
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge . 
as allen's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator david presson . 
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze . 
this slow-moving swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party . 
an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood . 
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie's rude and crude humor . 
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based 'drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged . 
[t]he ideas of revolution #9 are more compelling than the execution
two-bit potboiler . 
if nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror . 
donovan . . . squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences . 
the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly . 
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable . 
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration . 
will you go ape over this movie ? well , it probably won't have you swinging from the trees hooting it's praises , but it's definitely worth taking a look . 
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i . q . than when i had entered . 
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye . 
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river . 
writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results . 
funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , " a city where people still read . " 
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing . 
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales . 
this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that doesn't reveal even a hint of artifice . 
it all feels like a monty python sketch gone horribly wrong . 
wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men . 
incoherence reigns . 
gondry's direction is adequate . . . but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman's script . 
dignified ceo's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . can you bear the laughter ? 
a gripping , searing portrait of a lost soul trying to find her way through life . 
smith's point is simple and obvious -- people's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers . 
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin . 
most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant . 
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it's hardly watchable . 
[it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse . 
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy . 
not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted . 
an exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter . 
 " on guard ! " won't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time . 
jir hubac's script is a gem . his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . the scope of the silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . . 
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans . 
nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while . 
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they don't have , and how this gets us in trouble . but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic . 
hayek is stunning as frida and . . . a star-making project . 
the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships . 
you'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear . 
it's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force . 
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study . 
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment . 
mark pellington's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth . 
quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and its impact is all the greater beause director zhang's last film , the cuddly shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house . 
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it . 
as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen . 
without non-stop techno or the existential overtones of a kieslowski morality tale , maelstrm is just another winter sleepers . 
slap her - she's not funny ! no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half . 
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
this boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy . 
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles . 
sorvino is delightful in the central role . she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 
it's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good . 
a recipe for cinematic disaster . . . part quentin tarantino , part guy ritchie , and part 1960s spy spoof , it's all bad . 
the material and the production itself are little more than routine . 
with dickens' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told . 
just a bloody mess . 
what time is it there ? is not easy . it haunts you , you can't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it . 
meant for star wars fans . it is there to give them a good time . 
 . . . an agreeable time-wasting device -- but george pal's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs . 
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching . 
once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle . 
there's nothing exactly wrong here , but there's not nearly enough that's right . 
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others . 
quite funny for the type of movie it is . . . 
allows us to hope that nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker . 
egoyan's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose . 
a richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind . 
it's all gratuitous before long , as if schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story . 
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 
stephen earnhart's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition  wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text  when it's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type . 
all these developments and challenges facing santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility . 
nothing about this movie works . 
you just know something terrible is going to happen . but when it does , you're entirely unprepared . 
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 
one of those strained caper movies that's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends . 
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck . 
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that's not merely about kicking undead * * * , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption . 
elling , portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by per christian ellefsen , is a truly singular character , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone . 
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds . 
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense . 
tykwer's surface flash isn't just a poor fit with kieslowski's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski's work aspired to , including the condition of art . 
ultimately , " mib ii " succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it can't be dismissed as mindless . 
the 70-year-old godard has become , to judge from in praise of love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them . 
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude . 
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium . 
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch . 
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama . 
vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores . 
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joff and demi moore's the scarlet letter . 
viewed on its own terms , treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic . 
it's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space . 
 . . . mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern beijing culture in a journey of rebellion , retreat into oblivion and return . 
it's better than mid-range steven seagal , but not as sharp as jet li on rollerblades . 
a pleasant romantic comedy . 
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the " webcast . " 
a lot smarter than your average bond . 
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat . 
moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance . 
jeong-hyang lee's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying . 
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza . 
sunshine state surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology . but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed . 
if the message seems more facile than the earlier films , the images have such a terrible beauty you may not care . 
a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty . 
the new faces are interesting , but the old story isn't , especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted . 
are monsters born , or made ? 
this movie is about lying , cheating , but loving the friends you betray . 
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
aspires for the piquant but only really achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness . 
a virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze . 
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise . 
i can't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies . 
'pocas veces es posible ver un elenco tan compenetrado con la historia , donde todos y cada uno de los actores ofrecen actuaciones verdaderamente memorables . '
ram dass fierce grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour . 
 . . . the film suffers from a lack of humor ( something needed to balance out the violence ) . . . 
gran historia sobre el amor , la familia , la lealtad y la traicin que seguramente se convertir en un nuevo clsico del gnero . 
it understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking . 
it's clear that mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent . 
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm . 
more trifle than triumph . 
there's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and the count of monte cristo . . . never quite settles on either side . 
juliette binoche's sand is vivacious , but it's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile . 
oedekerk wrote patch adams , for which he should not be forgiven . why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me . 
jae-eun jeong's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema . 
everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones . 
boldly engineering a collision between tawdry b-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie , rose's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer . 
this film , starring anthony hopkins and chris rock , is your typical 'fish out of water' story . you've seen them a million times . just one problem : fish out of water usually die . this one does . 
not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur . 
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence . 
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize . and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new . 
it may seem long at 110 minutes if you're not a fan , because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert . 
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions . it's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . 
 . . . an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly shouldn't hurt talented young gaghan's resume . 
the result is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a halloween that died . 
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . paul cox needed to show it . it is up to you to decide if you need to see it . 
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you . . . 
an intriguing cinematic omnibus and round-robin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution . 
offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux . 
though it inspires some ( out-of-field ) creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract . 
enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later . 
windtalkers blows this way and that , but there's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself . 
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear . 
this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio . 
hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it doesn't . 
it's fairly solid--not to mention well edited so that it certainly doesn't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark . 
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast . 
i spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations . it's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun . 
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now . 
the problems of the people in love in the time of money are hardly specific to their era . they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . 
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness . 
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney . . . take your pick . all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new . 
the cold turkey would've been a far better title . 
a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires . 
woven together handsomely , recalling sixties' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to don't look back . 
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . it's sort of in-between , and it works . 
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns . 
maguire is a surprisingly effective peter/spider-man . 
while the film shuns the glamour or glitz that an american movie might demand , scherfig tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a hollywood production . 
for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love's dissolution . 
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign . 
tries too hard to be funny in a way that's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span . 
don michael paul uses quick-cuts , ( very ) large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double ( for seagal ) . 
one just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters . 
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . 
it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress . 
saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion . 
it certainly won't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time . 
what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama . 
although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense . 
it's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again . 
 . . . creates a visceral sense of its characters' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above . . . what could have been a melodramatic , lifetime channel-style anthology . 
if religious films aren't your bailiwick , stay away . otherwise , this could be a passable date film . 
there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings . 
elegant , mannered and teasing . 
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior . 
slow and ponderous , but rohmer's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption . 
a movie to forget
it's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman . 
what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . still , i'm not quite sure what the point is
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre . 
any one episode of the sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes . 
wedding feels a bit anachronistic . still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin . 
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic . 
the master of disaster - it's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy . 
uncommonly stylish but equally silly . . . the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions . 
writer-director burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear . 
generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it's not without style . 
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez . 
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies . . . 
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit . 
an enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids . 
an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre . 
his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories . 
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant . 
for a film about two mismatched buddies , crystal and de niro share little screen time and even less chemistry . 
what's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . 
less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession . 
much monkeyfun for all . 
a feel-good movie that doesn't give you enough to feel good about . 
vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship . 
it's a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests . 
i'm just too bored to care . 
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope . 
directors harry gantz and joe gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves aren't all that interesting . 
the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . 
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work . 
 " bad " is the operative word for " bad company , " and i don't mean that in a good way . 
hugh grant's act is so consuming that sometimes it's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are . 
dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed . 
everytime you think undercover brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse . 
an impressive debut for first-time writer-director mark romanek , especially considering his background is in music video . 
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it . 
an ambitious movie that , like shiner's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that don't come off . 
the film's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down . 
only in its final surprising shots does rabbit-proof fence find the authority it's looking for . 
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames . 
the story has little wit and no surprises . 
guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things . she lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs . 
in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen . 
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement . 
a tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship . 
the acting is just fine , but there's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff . 
it's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese . 
it's obvious [je-gyu is] trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom . 
a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem . 
could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes fatal attraction look like a classic by comparison ? that's the only sane rationale i can think of for swimfan's existence . 
an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce . 
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of 'ethnic cleansing . '
an asian neo-realist treasure . 
although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs . 
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but can't afford the $20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering . 
we just don't really care too much about this love story . in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 
all but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure . 
they're going through the motions , but the zip is gone . 
well-meaning to a fault , antwone fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man's triumph of will into everyman's romance comedy . 
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen . 
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer . 
meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 
the film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people . 
it's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface . 
the tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons . 
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world . 
hart's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently can't quite decide which character . 
a combination of standard , stiff tv-style animation and snazzy-looking digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move . 
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content . 
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous . 
smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities . instead , he shows them the respect they are due . 
a mild , reluctant , thumbs down . 
the best thing i can say about this film is that i can't wait to see what the director does next . 
could as easily have been called 'under siege 3 : in alcatraz' . . . a cinematic corpse that never springs to life . 
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products . 
cute , funny , heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone . 
directors john musker and ron clements , the team behind the little mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they aren't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space . 
possession is elizabeth barrett browning meets nancy drew , and it's directed by . . . neil labute . hmm . 
a gem of a movie . 
gloriously goofy ( and gory ) midnight movie stuff . 
 . . . could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 . 
an empty , purposeless exercise . 
[the digital effects] reminded me of terry gilliam's rudimentary old monty python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together . 
it's never dull and always looks good . 
the climactic events are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
it's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series . 
remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ? no more . 
none of his actors stand out , but that's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : characterization matters less than atmosphere . 
like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well . 
its maker , steven spielberg , hasn't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray . 
provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all . 
morton uses her face and her body language to bring us morvern's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan . 
schaefer's . . . determination to inject farcical raunch . . . drowns out the promise of the romantic angle . 
perhaps not since nelson eddy crooned his indian love call to jeanette macdonald has there been a movie so unabashedly canadian , not afraid to risk american scorn or disinterest . 
a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 . 
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it's simply baffling . 
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites . 
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy . 
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic . 
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week's issue of variety . 
this english-language version . . . does full honor to miyazaki's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters . 
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense . the ring never lets you off the hook . 
a tour de force of modern cinema . 
 . . . silly humbuggery . . . 
it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience . 
this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment . 
p . t . anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible . 
immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop djs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch . 
made me unintentionally famous  as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . but believe it or not , it's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i've seen . 
walter hill's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros . b picture , and i mean that as a compliment . 
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes . 
this one is certainly well-meaning , but it's also simple-minded and contrived . 
uplifting , funny and wise . 
it's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal . 
'enigma' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable . a waste of good performances . 
offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication . 
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but wasn't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . 
what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears' first movie . 
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . 
i'm not saying that ice age doesn't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life . 
'anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages . 
disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids' books to the screen . . . tuck everlasting is a little of both . 
the narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys . 
the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure . 
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events . 
farrell . . . thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to willis's world-weary colonel . 
may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen . 
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject . 
meyjes focuses too much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the- making . 
at its best ( and it does have some very funny sequences ) looking for leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be . 
together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 
it says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense . 
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst . 
if you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , wasabi is a good place to start . 
it's an awfully derivative story . 
it's just a little too self-satisfied . 
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . the movie isn't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave . 
[davis] wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters . 
michael moore's latest documentary about america's thirst for violence is his best film yet . . . 
 . . . while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey doesn't really go anywhere . 
well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons . 
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity . 
even those who would like to dismiss the film outright should find much to mull and debate . 
a sophomoric exploration of 'life problems' most people solved long ago -- or at least got tired of hearing people kvetch about . 
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout . . . by which time it's impossible to care who wins . 
the final result makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose , but anyone who has seen chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal . 
moretti plays giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy . too predictably , in fact . 
very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality can't hide the giant achilles' heel in " stuart little 2 " : there's just no story , folks . 
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel . 
basically , it's pretty but dumb . 
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures . 
i'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap clich . 
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work . 
[dong] makes a valiant effort to understand everyone's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up . 
merely ( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women's expense . 
a visionary marvel , but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this . 
the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it doesn't make any sense . 
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer
a 'girls gone wild' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation isn't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers aren't removed and inquisitive enough for that . 
don't judge this one too soon - it's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going . 
believability wasn't one of the film's virtues . 
like most bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike . a heavy reliance on cgi technology is beginning to creep into the series . 
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars . 
a hit- and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped . 
confessions isn't always coherent , but it's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong . 
the movie feels like it's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens . 
a thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film . 
bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era's creme de la celluloid . 
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made . 
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time . 
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j . barry is perfectly creepy and believable . 
decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like . the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful . 
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market . 
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull . 
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter . 
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative . it's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness . 
audacious-impossible yet compelling . . . 
simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . 
whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama isn't much of a mystery , unfortunately . 
the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer . 
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships . 
if only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con . 
proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism . . . and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday's weather report . 
this delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director . 
i walked away not really know who " they " were , what " they " looked like . why " they " were here and what " they " wanted and quite honestly , i didn't care . 
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i haven't encountered since at least pete's dragon . 
a journey through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance . 
one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in . 
all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click . 
kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested . 
the movie's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had . 
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music . 
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . 
offers absolutely nothing i hadn't already seen . 
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining . 
equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . 
a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something . 
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy . 
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused . 
peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales , villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . 
a witty , low-key romantic comedy . 
uno de los policiales ms interesantes de los ltimos tiempos . 
outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent . 
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
a mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser . 
many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short . 
its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing . 
a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series . 
it was a dark and stormy night . . . 
dense , exhilarating documentary . 
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here . 
strident and inelegant in its 'message-movie' posturing . 
innocuous enough to make even jean-claude van damme look good . 
with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path . 
a perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little lilo & stitch had in spades -- charisma . 
without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking . 
at its best , which occurs often , michael moore's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the 'are we a sick society ? ' journalism of the 1960s . 
lohman adapts to the changes required of her , but the actress and director peter kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for zhao . 
it is amusing , and that's all it needs to be . 
on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality . 
i suspect that you'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . if you go , pack your knitting needles . 
a crisp psychological drama [and] a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old " twilight zone " episode . 
if you ignore the cliches and concentrate on city by the sea's interpersonal drama , it ain't half-bad . 
the first half bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there . 
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
the film's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that's opened between them . 
most of the film feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for shearer's radio show and his simpson voice-overs . 
bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie . 
heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter nss' delicate , clever direction . . . and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . 
for a movie audience , the hours doesn't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love . 
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world . 
 . . . instead go rent " shakes the clown " , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance . 
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it isn't merely offensive . 
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level . 
[serry] wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition . it's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one . 
it's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly . 
a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men . 
splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers' puppet strings . 
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment 'tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away' on this screenplay . 
i'm sure there's a teenage boy out there somewhere who's dying for this kind of entertainment . 
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence . 
here , adrian lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get . 
bullock's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
while this film has an 'a' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . 
i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon . 
strange and beautiful film . 
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up's i'm the one that i want . 
a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship . 
a wildly funny prison caper . 
a french film with a more down-home flavor . 
the cast is uniformly excellent . . . but the film itself is merely mildly charming . 
the movie makes absolutely no sense . its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ? 
that the chuck norris " grenade gag " occurs about 7 times during windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is . 
it's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor's cartoonish performance and the film's ill-considered notion that hitler's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances . 
 . . . one resurrection too many . 
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it . 
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed . 
a well-acted movie that simply doesn't gel . 
the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe . 
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script . 
just one bad idea after another . 
it inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental 'picture shows . '
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it's the very definition of epic adventure . 
the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes . 
culkin , who's in virtually every scene , shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield . 
this is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults . the characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory . the film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens . 
poignant and delicately complex . 
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . not to mention absolutely refreshed . 
consistently clever and suspenseful . 
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor . 
apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it . 
 " the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store " 
uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity . 
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation cannot engage . 
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing . 
imagine a really bad community theater production of west side story without the songs . 
it has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it's over . 
dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch . 
for the first time in years , de niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars . 
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version . this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars . 
awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another 'spectacular spectacle . '
it's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through . 
whereas last year's exemplary sexy beast seemed to revitalize the british gangster movie , this equally brutal outing merely sustains it . 
throw smoochy from the train ! 
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy . 
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale . 
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close . 
no reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously didn't invest much into itself either . 
 ( caine ) proves once again he hasn't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film . 
the rest of the plot is impossible to explain without blowing whatever tension there is , although it's more comedy than suspense de palma creates . 
 . . . jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just isn't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead's specific gifts . 
a taut psychological thriller that doesn't waste a moment of its two-hour running time . 
instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story's emotional thrust . 
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence . 
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago . 
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap . any rock pile will do for a set . reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap . 
tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar . 
the film's only missteps come from the script's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of abagnale's antics . 
for 95 often hilarious minutes , [cho] riffs on the diciness of colonics , on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outr sexual practice . 
solaris " is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 
this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against . 
a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichs and showcases a group of dedicated artists . 
 . . . better described as a ghost story gone badly awry . 
who needs love like this ? 
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina . 
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy . the film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet . 
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . 
overall very good for what it's trying to do . 
a slick , skillful little horror film . 
a well-intentioned effort that's still too burdened by the actor's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility . 
smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way . 
you don't need to know your ice-t's from your cool-j's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california . 
the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal . 
a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration . 
the actors are appealing , but elysian fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental . 
choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy . 
a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith's next movie . 
[p]artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting . the catch is that they're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders . 
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves . 
you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report . 
kinnear doesn't aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth . 
moore's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that's still very much playing itself out . 
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes . 
amidst the action , the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the " other side of the story . " 
there isn't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients . 
a monster combat thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it . 
it is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival . 
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown . 
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film . 
meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull . 
late marriage's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u . s . viewers off their feet . 
few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness . 
the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character . 
the script ? please . 
if legendary shlockmeister ed wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from anne rice's novel the vampire chronicles . 
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this isn't . 
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds . 
adam sandler's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash . 
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker . 
an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it . 
it's just plain lurid when it isn't downright silly . 
hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse . 
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . 
'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he's got as potent a topic as ever here . 
after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichs , depression and bad alternative music . 
piccoli's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm's-length in the film seem irritatingly transparent . 
harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality . 
the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer . 
looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen . 
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least . 
its director's most substantial feature for some time . 
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task . 
[newton]wanders through charlie completely unaware she needs to show some presence and star quality . 
haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed . 
yes , i suppose it's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i didn't . 
taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ) , the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller . 
the film's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style . 
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring . 
blanchett's performance confirms her power once again . 
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced . 
a complete waste of time . 
bennett's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any 'reality' show , and anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch some body first . 
well-meant but unoriginal . 
missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane . 
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork . 
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . 
nair's cast is so large it's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion . 
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words don't really do the era justice . you have to see it . 
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 
its well of thorn and vinegar ( and simple humanity ) has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks . 
an intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort . 
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon
too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes . 
it isn't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems . 
a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido . 
'if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show . 
when the film ended , i felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while . 
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on . 
the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty . 
this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it can't really be called animation . 
the disarming cornball atmosphere has a way of infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on . 
mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 
once the 50 year old benigni appears as the title character , we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back . 
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie's reality and stifling its creator's comic voice . 
what you get with empire is a movie you've seen many times before , repackaged as new material because there is a latino in the lead . 
the movie's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell . 
nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you . he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . 
big fat liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities . 
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships . 
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard . 
there's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable . 
if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $99 bargain-basement special . 
it took 19 predecessors to get this ? 
it's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . 
like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless . 
makes s&m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a delight . 
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while . 
nettelbeck . . . has a pleasing way with a metaphor . 
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film . 
the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next . 
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking  because you get it . 
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin . 
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply . 
it's a treat  a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun . 
this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work . 
the film delivers not just the full assault of reno's immense wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days . 
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel . 
pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins . 
after a while , hoffman's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial . 
the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood . 
while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . 
michel piccoli's moving performance is this films reason for being . 
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it's far tamer than advertised . 
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin . 
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series . 
with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perry's boss , there isn't a redeeming moment here . 
a few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot hasn't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun . 
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs . 
despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults . 
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , sick sight . 
an intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected . 
kung pow is oedekerk's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that . 
[westbrook] makes a wonderful subject for the camera . 
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you aren't very bright , then blood work is for you . 
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience . 
holland lets things peter out midway , but it's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals . 
a film of delicate interpersonal dances . caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose . it's a sight to behold . 
the piano teacher is not an easy film . it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling . 
tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable . 
the story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there's a certain style and wit to the dialogue . 
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . 
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony . 
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor . 
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . 
 . . . a plotline that's as lumpy as two-day old porridge . . . the filmmakers' paws , sad to say , were all over this " un-bear-able " project ! 
 . . . with " the bourne identity " we return to the more traditional action genre . 
'the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style . entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel . 
scorsese doesn't give us a character worth giving a damn about . 
the adventure doesn't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 . 
a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be . 
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 
it's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt . 
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak . 
plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights . 
there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending . 
alternative medicine obviously has its merits . . . but ayurveda does the field no favors . 
feels familiar and tired . 
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie . . . tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life . 
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character . 
 " the time machine " is a movie that has no interest in itself . it doesn't believe in itself , it has no sense of humorit's just plain bored . 
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be . 
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding . 
an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film . . . 
a valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the nba . 
you come away thinking not only that kate isn't very bright , but that she hasn't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another . 
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience . 
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale . 
mr . spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor . 
this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . 
sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers . 
triumph of love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree . 
that zhang would make such a strainingly cute film -- with a blind orphan at its center , no less -- indicates where his ambitions have wandered . 
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement . 
tony gayton's script doesn't give us anything we haven't seen before , but director d . j . caruso's grimy visual veneer and kilmer's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably . 
'si bien no logra desarrollarse como un gran drama , tampoco es tan superficial como muchas cintas que pecan de pretenciosas y que resultan totalmente banales . '
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor . 
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length . 
same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse . 
<em>ash wednesday</em> is not edward burns' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film . and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today . 
there's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish . 
the movie is a trove of delights . 
as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster's path of destruction . 
as steamy as last week's pork dumplings . 
it's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground . 
personal velocity has a no-frills docu-dogma plainness , yet miller lingers on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire . she boxes these women's souls right open for us . 
easier to respect than enthuse over , andersson's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing . 
there's a reason the studio didn't offer an advance screening . " the adventures of pluto nash " is a big time stinker . 
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope . 
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set . 
will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues . 
the film is really not so much bad as bland . 
it's hard not to be seduced by [witherspoon's] charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max . 
it's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this " two weddings and a funeral " fun . 
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying . 
it's the kind of movie that ends up festooning u . s . art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it's in french ( well , mostly ) with english subtitles and is magically 'significant' because of that . 
 . . . the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . 
as a science fiction movie , " minority report " astounds . 
mark wahlberg . . . may look classy in a '60s-homage pokepie hat , but as a character he's dry , dry , dry . 
exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven [the film] addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce . 
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace . 
lanie's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she's driven by ambition and doesn't know how to have fun . 
what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action . 
an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution--acted mostly by the actual people involved . 
it's of the quality of a lesser harrison ford movie - six days , seven nights , maybe , or that dreadful sabrina remake . 
the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . 
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents . 
recalls quiet freak-outs like l'avventura and repulsion . 
better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine . 
it's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look . 
since lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random e ! true hollywood story . 
a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino . 
no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie . 
the only thing to fear about " fear dot com " is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film . 
the entire cast is extraordinarily good . 
the movie doesn't add anything fresh to the myth . 
o ltimo suspeito ganha fora ao tambm funcionar em uma esfera adicional : a do drama familiar . 
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome . 
black-and-white and unrealistic . 
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage . 
'es en verdad una pena que mandoki est realizando cintas tan malas desde hace algn tiempo , pues talento tiene , pero quin sabe dnde lo tiene escondido . '
a remarkable film by bernard rose . 
the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances . 
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
[reynolds] takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . 
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film's ability to make its subject interesting to those who aren't part of its supposed target audience . judging by those standards , 'scratch' is a pretty decent little documentary . 
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , " a walk to remember " succeeds through sincerity . 
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat . 
[d]oesn't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful . 
the story and structure are well-honed . fresnadillo's dark and jolting images have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that won't go away . 
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral . 
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is ! 
but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde's droll whimsy helps " being earnest " overcome its weaknesses and parker's creative interference . . . 
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get . 
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy . 
flawed , but worth seeing for ambrose's performance . 
go see it and enjoy . 
moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not . 
just not campy enough
despite hoffman's best efforts , wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before . 
it is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some . i haven't seen one in so long , no wonder i didn't recognize it at first . 
the pairing does sound promising in theory . . . but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners . 
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . 
the impulses that produced this project . . . are commendable , but the results are uneven . 
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes . 
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time . 
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . last dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that's true . 
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work . 
a pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy . 
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but lawrence gives us mostly fool's gold . 
never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful . 
a charming , banter-filled comedy . . . one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface . 
ninety minutes of viva castro ! can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included
quite simply , a joy to watch and--especially--to listen to . 
the concept is a hoot . the trailer is a riot . the movie is a dud . 
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it . 
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly . 
who is the audience for cletis tout ? anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed . 
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . it's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing can't possibly be enough . 
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens . when it comes out on video , then it's the perfect cure for insomnia . 
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . consider this review life-affirming . 
provide[s] nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue . 
a porn film without the sex scenes . 
jolting into charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent ( accurate ? who cares ? ) . 
 . . . a guiltless film for nice evening out . 
it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy . 
 ( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism . 
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 
life or something like it has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities . 
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles' book does not translate well to the screen . 
a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece . 
the movie is a mess from start to finish . 
the film truly does rescue [the funk brothers] from motown's shadows . it's about time . 
an intriguing and entertaining introduction to johnson . 
that dogged good will of the parents and 'vain' jia's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums . 
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema . another great what you don't see' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
scene-by-scene , things happen , but you'd be hard-pressed to say what or why . 
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really doesn't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird . 
for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured . 
the entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad . 
it's obviously struck a responsive chord with many south koreans , and should work its magic in other parts of the world . 
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that's what makes it worth a recommendation . 
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david's point of view . 
the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays . 
kinnear . . . gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life's ultimate losers . 
this isn't a " friday " worth waiting for . 
merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone . 
an amalgam of the fugitive , blade runner , and total recall , only without much energy or tension . 
this is an action movie with an action icon who's been all but decommissioned . 
the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . 
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers . 
but this is lohman's film . her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks . 
its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads . 
well , jason's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , don't shoot the messenger ) . 
offers much to enjoy . . . and a lot to mull over in terms of love , loyalty and the nature of staying friends . 
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow . 
parker probably thinks he's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde's still-contemporary play . 
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance . 
an endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years . 
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it's so fascinating you won't be able to look away for a second . 
though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter . 
bleakly funny , its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves . 
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies . 
young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work . 
astonishingly skillful and moving . . . it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one . 
like those to rome , all roads in the banger sisters inevitably lead to a joke about hawn's breasts , which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them . 
all three women deliver remarkable performances . 
showtime isn't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again . 
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter's invention . 
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe's misunderstanding of marivaux's rhythms , and mira sorvino's limitations as a classical actress . 
it's a frankenstein-monster of a film that doesn't know what it wants to be . 
 . . . once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable . 
neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment . still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . 
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team . . . but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote . 
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork . 
a woman's pic directed with resonance by ilya chaiken . 
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
a movie with a real anarchic flair . 
glizty but formulaic and silly . . . cagney's 'top of the world' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . 
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ? 
[crystal and de niro] manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing . 
it's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel . 
an important movie , a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values . 
the pool drowned me in boredom . 
simone is not a bad film . it just doesn't have anything really interesting to say . 
even if you're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . 
the film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience . it has fun being grown up . 
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement . 
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing . 
without a strong script and energetic acting , dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor's home videos . 
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air . 
in exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if i'd been sitting naked on an igloo , formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey . 
when 'science fiction' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience hasn't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . 
the movie doesn't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . 
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion 'grandeur' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism . 
although jackson is doubtless reserving the darkest hours for the return of the king , we long for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of the two towers . 
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in . 
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic . 
an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle . 
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . 
it's all about anakin . . . and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect . 
a sensual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at . 
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it . 
chris columbus' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original . 
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head . 
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces . 
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan . he may have meant the internet short saving ryan's privates . but windtalkers doesn't beat that one , either . 
too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets . 
another love story in 2002's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre . 
a tone of rueful compassion . . . reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events . 
it just goes to show , an intelligent person isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny . 
i admire it and yet cannot recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time . 
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein's brain . 
knows how to make our imagination wonder . 
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart . 
a boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater . 
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr . besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms . shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic . 
the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it's an enjoyable one . 
a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe . 
if this is the danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps . 
angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . 
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces . . . positively dreadful . 
as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness . 
loud , silly , stupid and pointless . 
the film takes too long getting to the good stuff , then takes too long figuring out what to do next . 
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures . 
what sets ms . birot's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents . 
even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title . . . amounts to surprisingly little . 
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos . 
abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists . 
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm . 
if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like 'masterpiece theatre' type costumes , you'll enjoy this movie . 
the second chapter of the harry potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year . 
viewers of barney's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it . 
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents . 
a beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world . 
although commentary on nachtwey is provided . . . it's the image that really tells the tale . 
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made . 
harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness . 
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack . 
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . 
full of surprises . 
the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen ( vega ) and juni ( sabara ) cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take . 
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . they cheapen the overall effect . 
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . 
the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable navet and arbitrary flashbacks . 
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval . 
the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing . 
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications . . . that have no bearing on the story . 
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat . 
the best way to describe it is as a cross between paul thomas anderson's magnolia and david lynch's mulholland dr . 
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks . 
from blushing to gushing---imamura squirts the screen in warm water under a red bridge'
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . 
philip k . dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach . 
top-notch action powers this romantic drama . 
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding . 
this is not a retread of " dead poets' society . " 
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor . 
there's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits . 
'pocas ideas interesantes , un final pseudo mstico que no corresponde al tono general del filme y que deja una sensacin de inconformidad que hace pensar ms de una vez si vale la pena ir a la taquilla y reclamar el precio del boleto . '
 " what john does is heroic , but we don't condone it , " one of the film's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture's moral schizophrenia . 
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility . 
in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms . shreve's novel proved too difficult a text to 'lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough . 
it's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant . 
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai's vaunted empathy . 
the low-budget full frontal was one of the year's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures , and solaris is its big-budget brother . 
to be influenced chiefly by humanity's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god's sake ! -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw . 
a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie . 
i didn't find much fascination in the swinging . what they're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . but that they are doing it is thought-provoking . 
[stevens is] so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits . 
as bundy , michael reilly burke ( octopus 2 : river of fear ) has just the right amount of charisma and menace . 
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces . 
without resorting to hyperbole , i can state that kissing jessica stein may be the best same-sex romance i have seen . 
this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground . 
there are a couple of things that elevate " glory " above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall . 
the whole is quite entertaining , but despite its virtues , there is an unsettled feeling to the film . 
there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that don't care about being stupid
jam-packed with literally bruising jokes . every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked . 
a meatballs for the bare-midriff generation . 
what's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director's talent . watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers . 
there's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . 
this ill-fitting tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack . 
noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama . 
will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them . 
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands . 
there's something auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like steven spielberg to follow a . i . with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority . 
a muted freak-out
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam'ron seal the deal . 
the chateau . . . is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . 
[taylor] takes us on a ride that's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb . 
the film's most improbable feat ? it didn't go straight to video . 
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy's sledgehammer sap . 
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy . 
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it's very much like life itself . 
 . . . while dark water isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one . 
a relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale . 
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . 
between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . 
a poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda . 
the film's center will not hold . 
the filmmaker's heart is in the right place . . . 
bad in such a bizarre way that it's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste . 
were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year . 
it's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell . 
 . . . plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director can't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . in fact , it doesn't even seem like she tried . 
it's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable . 
mazel tov to a film about a family's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage . 
it's the type of stunt the academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film . 
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 
a creaky staircase gothic . 
a delirious celebration of the female orgasm . 
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey . . . [it] comes off like a hallmark commercial . 
it's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit . 
even murphy's expert comic timing and famed charisma can't rescue this effort . 
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess . 
for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson's creek , they'll probably run out screaming . 
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons . 
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale . 
berling and bart . . . continue to impress , and isabelle huppert . . . again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters . 
so beautifully acted and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 
no wonder they're talking about " talk to her . " it's astonishing . 
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay . 
the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . 
what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level . 
potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 
the whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like bellini and mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by . 
whether kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten is open to question , but the risk-takers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion . 
slap me , i saw this movie . 
filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world's democracie
it's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it . 
at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery . . . 
there is nothing redeeming about this movie . 
an unflinching look at the world's dispossessed . 
a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women . 
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . 
in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns . 
execrable . 
sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood . 
auto focus is not your standard hollywood bio-pic . schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness . 
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon . i also believe that resident evil is not it . 
holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man ! good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back ! 
if you can stomach the rough content , it's worth checking out for the performances alone . 
 " the turntable is now outselling the electric guitar . . . " 
the film occasionally tries the viewer's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story . 
effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience . 
a tightly directed , highly professional film that's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways . 
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king . 
doesn't really add up to much . 
occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story . 
what could have become just another cautionary fable is allowed to play out as a clever , charming tale  as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters . 
cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . 
god is great , the movie's not . 
done in mostly by a weak script that can't support the epic treatment . 
tells a fascinating , compelling story . 
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue . . . accentuating , rather than muting , the plot's saccharine thrust . 
a worthwhile documentary , whether you're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll . 
the element of surprise might be the only thing femme fatale has going for it . 
it's a trifle of a movie , with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center . 
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else . 
it cannot be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull . yes , dull . 
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving . 
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that . 
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters . 
it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters . i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love 'real' . 
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe . 
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff . 
partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless . 
[i]t's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop isn't as funny as it should be . 
jacquot's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances . . . while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself . 
a great idea becomes a not-great movie . 
a respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain trek films . . . cross over to a more mainstream audience . 
swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit . or intelligent . 
[ns] directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage . 
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep . 
the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it's far too sentimental . 
the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors . 
the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect . 
you'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee's character didn't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery . 
a real clunker . a well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless . 
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque . 
a grating , emaciated flick . 
highly irritating at first , mr . koury's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results . 
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society . . . might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants . 
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat . 
this series should have died long ago , but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last james bond movie . 
a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage . 
starts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end . it's still worth a look . 
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . 
 " antwone fisher " is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington . it won't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking . 
it's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , couldn't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped em together here . 
the story . . . is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band . 
sex with strangers is fascinating . . . 
a captivating new film . 
using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead . 
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire . 
as it stands it's an opera movie for the buffs . 
feeble comedy . 
droll caper-comedy remake of " big deal on madonna street " that's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate " bellini " begins to look like a " real kaputschnik . " 
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . 
exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling . 
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down . 
really dumb but occasionally really funny . 
claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains . 
although there are several truly jolting scares , there's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at . 
doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere . 
replacing john carpenter's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage . of all the halloween's , this is the most visually unappealing . 
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end . . . you almost don't notice the 129-minute running time . 
it's so underwritten that you can't figure out just where the other characters , including ana's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of ana's future . 
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown . 
with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . 
to paraphrase a line from another dickens' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 
if we're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they're clueless and inept ? 
propelled not by characters but by caricatures . 
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling . . . recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly . 
in both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you . you end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that . 
never again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds . 
low comedy doesn't come much lower . 
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams . 
with a " spy kids " sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a " snl " has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . 
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian . . . life . 
leaks treacle from every pore . 
the rare imax movie that you'll wish was longer than an hour . 
without shakespeare's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish . 
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself . 
despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that 'zany' doesn't necessarily mean 'funny . '
the streets , shot by cinematographer michael ballhaus , may be as authentic as they are mean , but it is nearly impossible to care about what happens on them . 
 . . . a confusing drudgery . 
nelson's brutally unsentimental approach . . . sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle . 
anemic , pretentious . 
arguably the best script that besson has written in years . 
prurient playthings aside , there's little to love about this english trifle . 
in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . 
it's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it doesn't offer any insights that haven't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid-'90s . 
almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited . and in a sense , that's a liability . 
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise . 
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration . 
i'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent . 
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . there's no energy . 
a wonderful character-based comedy . 
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ? 
we get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle . 
if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 
ararat feels like a book report
the smartest bonehead comedy of the summer . 
 . . . a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror . 
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood . 
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love doesn't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some . 
i spied with my little eye . . . a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both . 
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama . 
the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well . 
this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all . 
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance . 
eric byler's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations . . . 
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be . 
less worrying about covering all the drama in frida's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie . 
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary . 
feels like one of those contrived , only-in -hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar talk . 
mr . deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way . 
a gripping drama . 
ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer's memory . 
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds . 
it's a masterpiece . 
like most sequels , it takes what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters , more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness . 
based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
rob schneider's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian . 
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time . 
brave and sweetly rendered love story . 
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 
despite the film's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving . 
a sudsy cautionary tale . 
without september 11 , collateral damage would have been just another bad movie . now it's a bad , embarrassing movie . 
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun . 
together writer-director danny verete's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 
it's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak . but what spectacular sizzle it is ! . . . in this incarnation its fizz is infectious . 
if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . if nothing else , " rollerball " 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j . 
this is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another . 
no one goes unindicted here , which is probably for the best . and if you're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes , you've got ice water in your veins . 
adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio . as for children , they won't enjoy the movie at all . 
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole . 
a superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate . 
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag . 
starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera . 
i'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute . 
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative . 
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 
i walked away from this new version of e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . 
mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
it's mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes . 
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 
daughter from danang is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who aren't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war . 
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed . 
in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . 
almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent . 
clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie . 
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice . 
godard's ode to tackling life's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess . . . in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that's unfocused and tediously exasperating . 
chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson's dahmer . 
 . . . myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-tarantino pop-culture riffs . . . 
frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the kahlo movie frida fans have been looking for . 
the movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in . 
though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal , i felt disrespected . 
there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 
mildly amusing . 
the story's so preposterous that i didn't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved . 
demands too much of most viewers . 
watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good . 
not everything works , but the average is higher than in mary and most other recent comedies . 
a film in a class with spike lee's masterful do the right thing . 
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home . 
 . . . the picture's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine . 
grown-up quibbles are beside the point here . the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that's all that matters . 
the editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden . 
 . . . as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the star wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement . 
there's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
the premise of " abandon " holds promise , . . . but its delivery is a complete mess . 
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander's uninspired story . 
it wouldn't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny . 
like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again . 
an utterly compelling 'who wrote it' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question . 
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was . . . hence , storytelling is far more appealing . 
one of the funnier movies in town . 
[a] slummer . 
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe . 
the film's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film's production design . 
a movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story . 
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice . 
 . . . is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? you bet there is and it's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking . 
sweet home alabama " is what it is  a nice , harmless date film . . . 
it's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas . 
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 
not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear . 
writer/director mark romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in america . it's a scathing portrayal . 
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation . . . well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history . 
[russell] makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards . 
in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you'd expect to see on showtime's 'red shoe diaries . '
surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . 
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 
while benigni ( who stars and co-wrote ) seems to be having a wonderful time , he might be alone in that . 
together [time out and human resources] establish mr . cantet as france's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace . 
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . 
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . 
so-so entertainment . 
be patient with the lovely hush ! and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience . 
true to its animatronic roots : . . . as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus . . . 'the country bears' should never have been brought out of hibernation . 
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie . 
it's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . 
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations . 
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more baffling is that it's funny . 
too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good , it succeeds in being only sporadically amusing . 
utter mush . . . conceited pap . 
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us . 
often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself . 
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie . 
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog's works , invincible shows he's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . 
it's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it isn't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers . 
[a] boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain . 
an instant candidate for worst movie of the year . 
like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to mr . wong's in the mood for love -- very much a hong kong movie despite its mainland setting . 
too stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise , frank novak's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless . 
each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs . man as brother-man vs . the man . 
an incredibly low-rent danish film , it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays . 
harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories . 
we could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product . 
for all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative , the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale . 
the santa clause 2's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry . 
crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action . 
to the degree that ivans xtc . works , it's thanks to huston's revelatory performance . 
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life . 
 . . . an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work . 
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel . 
the best movie of its kind since 'brazil . ' lucas , take notes . this is how you use special effects . 
rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , les destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual . 
a different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling . 
well-meaning but inert . 
too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise . 
this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery . 
director-writer bille august . . . depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey martin's deterioration and barbara's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger . 
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche . 
an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams . 
irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater . 
a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love . 
a ragbag of cliches . 
an " o bruin , where art thou ? " -style cross-country adventure . . . it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack . 
foster nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling . 
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring . 
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was . 
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired . 
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy . 
audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amlie . 
bill morrison's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 
simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy . 
an intelligent , earnest , intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you're getting its metaphysical point . 
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera . . . 
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish . 
director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth . 
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being . 
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called 'the gift of tears . '
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching . 
if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest . 
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . but i had a lot of problems with this movie . 
trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere . 
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers . 
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . 
the story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter paul pender overloads it with sugary bits of business . 
you'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold . yet the act is still charming here . 
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . 
plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on " the simpsons " has . 
it's sweet . . . but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end . 
hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world . 
the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama . 
its sheer dynamism is infectious . 
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot . 
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china . 
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati . 
although it's a bit smug and repetitive , this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do . 
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it's a lyrical endeavour . 
i'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring . 
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms . mirren , who did ) , has succeeded beyond all expectation . 
 . . . begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully . 
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show . 
a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters . 
when the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters , you know you're in trouble . 
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons  a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness . 
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days . seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many . 
for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 
the perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide . 
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects . 
a predictable and stereotypical little b-movie . 
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket . 
it suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media . . . to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks . 
highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the eccentric theater company manager . 
'punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you'd want to smash its face in . '
the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread . 
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . 
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine . 
there are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part sliding doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them . 
at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . 
this version's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful . 
a standard haunted house tale transplanted to the high seas . 
polished korean political-action film is just as good -- and bad -- as hollywood action epics . is this progress ? 
a cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe . . . the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history . 
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 
call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity . 
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary . 
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama . 
it's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it doesn't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks . 
the original wasn't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece ! 
the only thing worse than your substandard , run-of-the-mill hollywood picture is an angst-ridden attempt to be profound . 
bluto blutarsky , we miss you . 
goofy , nutty , consistently funny . and educational ! 
unlike the nauseating fictions peddled by such 'have-yourself-a-happy-little-holocaust' movies as life is beautiful and jakob the liar , the grey zone is honest enough to deny the possibility of hope in auschwitz . 
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . 
decent but dull . 
storytelling feels slight . 
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys . 
 . . . if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you're in for a painful ride . 
sadly , hewitt's forte is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks . 
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family . 
the idea of 49-year-old roberto benigni playing the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough . the reality of the new live-action pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque . 
a lame comedy . 
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli . 
overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek's novel by some way . it settles for being merely grim . 
a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard's finest work . 
there are moments of real pleasure to be found in sara sugarman's whimsical comedy very annie-mary but not enough to sustain the film . 
a simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them . 
so unassuming and pure of heart , you can't help but warmly extend your arms and yell 'safe ! '
the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end . 
despite the premise of a good story . . . it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles . 
weird , vulgar comedy that's definitely an acquired taste . 
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who's seen george roy hill's 1973 film , " the sting . " 
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny . 
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema's directorial giants . 
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid . . . a curiously constricted epic . 
the film may appear naked in its narrative form . . . but it goes deeper than that , to fundamental choices that include the complexity of the catholic doctrine
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most 'right-thinking' films . 
friday after next has the same problem that next friday did -- it's called where's chris tucker when you need him ? 
provides the kind of 'laugh therapy' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . after seeing 'analyze that , ' i feel better already . 
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action . 
an overstuffed compendium of teen-catholic-movie dogma . 
while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world . 
if there's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way . 
a passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor . 
boy oh boy , it's a howler . 
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists . 
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights . 
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann's revolution no . 9 . 
scotland , pa . is a strangely drab romp . some studio pizazz might have helped . 
 . . . [the film] works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . 
the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed . 
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most . 
the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants . it's like watching a nightmare made flesh . 
 . . . the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs . 
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
if you've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . this is the best star trek movie in a long time . 
if you adored the full monty so resoundingly that you're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained . 
may seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman . 
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing . 
bad and baffling from the get-go . 
 . . . the good and different idea [of middle-aged romance] is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend " never again . " 
it's this memory-as-identity obviation that gives secret life its intermittent unease , reaffirming that long-held illusions are indeed reality , and that erasing them recasts the self . 
despite the pyrotechnics , narc is strictly by the book . 
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached . 
the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks . 
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . 
the story , like life , refuses to be simple , and the result is a compelling slice of awkward emotions . 
[schweiger is] talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists . 
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . . 
earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock . 
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films . . . that argue that any sexual relationship that doesn't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect . 
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life's harshness . 
a weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . 's show-biz and media subcultures . but it doesn't leave you with much . 
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy . 
a swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith . 
the movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students . 
this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms . 
ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much . 
as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up . 
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichs the filmmakers could dredge up . 
they presume their audience won't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes . 
most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes . 
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes . 
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say . 
for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words " radical " or " suck " into a sentence . 
analyze that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film's successes , with a few new swings thrown in . 
all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi . 
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who can't get out of his own way . 
the plot of the comeback curlers isn't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what's unique and quirky about canadians . 
the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material . 
an uninspired preachy and clichd war film . 
 . . . the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form . 
the most horrific movie experience i've had since " can't stop the music . " it may as well be called " jar-jar binks : the movie . " it's that painful . 
 . . . a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional . 
a movie of riveting power and sadness . 
moonlight mile doesn't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy . 
it's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit cherish . 
an appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles . 
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning . 
you'll get the enjoyable basic minimum . but not a whit more . 
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . 
the film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the motown sound . 
there's not enough to sustain the comedy . 
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you've been sitting still . 
' . . . both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent . . . could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . 
the series' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls' amusing personalities . 
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste . 
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 
cube's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche . 
the cat's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich . . . 
whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment . 
the message of such reflections--intentional or not--is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one . 
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive . 
borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu . 
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it  as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product . 
how do you spell clich ? 
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . 
benigni's pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow . 
culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character . 
showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant " if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny " syndrome . 
by presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what's possible and what we might do to make it so . 
oozes condescension from every pore . 
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental . 
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach'ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines . 
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation . 
adam sandler ! in an art film ! 
chicago pode at ser um filme divertido e cativante ( como  ) , mas acaba representando um passo que vai na direo contrria  evoluo dos musicais . 
the film's maudlin focus on the young woman's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking . 
put it somewhere between sling blade and south of heaven , west of hell in the pantheon of billy bob's body of work . 
a boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk'n'slash . 
i'll put it this way : if you're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you . 
aan opportunity wasted . 
once the audience figure out what's being said , the filmmaker's relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care . 
is red dragon worthy of a place alongside the other hannibal movies ? as hannibal would say , yes , 'it's like having an old friend for dinner' . 
it's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original . 
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth . 
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . in the wrong hands , i . e . peploe's , it's simply unbearable
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i don't think that a . c . will help this movie one bit . 
despite its raucous intent , xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break . 
comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class . . . . designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , " crossroads " instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns . 
a " black austin powers ? " i prefer to think of it as " pootie tang with a budget . " sa da tay ! 
woody allen's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz . 
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots . 
despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable
os problemas tm incio a partir do momento em que samos do cinema e comeamos a pensar sobre o que acabamos de ver .  ento que sinais realmente desaponta . 
the comedy is nonexistent . 
a tired , unnecessary retread . . . a stale copy of a picture that wasn't all that great to begin with . 
reyes' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it's undone by a sloppy script
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours . 
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma . 
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf . 
tends to pile too many " serious issues " on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . 
open-minded kids -- kids who read , kids who dream -- will be comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny . 
 . . . is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality . 
the best you can say about it is it's so uninspired , it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now . 
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message . 
charlotte sometimes is a gem . it's always enthralling . 
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet . 
as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , [franco] has all of dean's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . 
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence . 
the laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while russell and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them . 
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience . 
the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths . 
the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen . 
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better . 
beneath the film's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve . 
if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about . 
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles . 
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings . 
if you've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what sex with strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever . 
a restrained ribisi convinces as an italian , though if ever a movie needed one of the actor's whiny jags to pump it up , this has to be among the rare ones . 
it's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary . . . 
troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal . 
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 
i just loved every minute of this film . 
 " the kid stays in the picture " is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat . 
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost . 
bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability . 
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) . 
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 
you see robin williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm . you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz . 
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often . 
take away the controversy , and it's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera . 
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever . 
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest . 
'it's better to go in knowing full well what's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . cynics need not apply . '
road to perdition does display greatness , and it's worth seeing . but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it's won . 
often hilarious . 
gloriously straight from the vagina . 
if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that's so bad it starts to become good . but it wasn't . 
unless you're a fanatic , the best advice is : 'scooby' don't . 
with the exception of mccoist , the players don't have a clue on the park . the acting isn't much better . 
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail . 
it's a movie forged in the fires of chick flick hell . 
mildly entertaining . 
the idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run . 
diverting french comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy . 
this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times . 
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo . it is not what you see , it is what you think you see . 
in auteil's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 
lawrence preaches strictly to the converted . 
yo , it's the days of our lives meets electric boogaloo . 
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers . 
no sophomore slump for director sam mendes , who segues from oscar winner to oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand . 
me without you has a bracing truth that's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . 
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way . 
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes . 
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year's best and most unpredictable comedy . 
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday . 
claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications . 
the story is so light and sugary that were it a macy's thanksgiving day parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away . 
 . . . tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i don't know what she's doing in here . . . 
it has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death . 
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . 
if h . g . wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin's reworked version , what would he say ? 'it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence . 
a sour , nasty offering . 
a dreary indulgence . 
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through . 
topkapi this is not . 
pipe dream does have its charms . the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . 
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . 
works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them . 
 " its successes are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right . " 
it uses an old-time formula , it's not terribly original and it's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie my big fat greek wedding . 
 . . . somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichs to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks . 
we can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer . 
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish . 
it's unnerving to see recoing's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment . good film , but very glum . 
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he's already done way too often . 
 " it's all about the image . " 
it's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat . but the second half of the movie really goes downhill . 
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to 'special effects' by way of replacing objects in a character's hands below the camera line , " besotted " is misbegotten
it's all entertaining enough , but don't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper . 
handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism . 
plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial . 
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it . 
[has] an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it's all true . 
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism . 
resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenter's ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings . in other words , about as bad a film you're likely to see all year . 
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was . 
stars matthew perry and elizabeth hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately serving sara doesn't distinguish itself from the herd . 
eerily accurate depiction of depression . 
ver wiel's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless . 
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork isn't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 
a small movie with a big impact . 
a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half . 
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho's . 
there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade . 
 . . . stale and uninspired . 
like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 
this road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you'll be glad you went along for the ride . 
the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch . 
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling . 
the film grows on you . and how . 
meyjes's movie , like max rothman's future , does not work . 
this is a film living far too much in its own head . 
shunji iwai's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan . 
some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . 
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip . 
fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment . 
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work . 
it's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic oliver parker intends to mangle next time . 
i've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone . 
what kids will discover is a new collectible . what parents will suspect is that they're watching a 76-minute commercial . 
not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen . this isn't my favorite in the series , still i enjoyed it enough to recommend . 
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire . 
a celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences . 
if you liked such movies as notting hill , four weddings and a funeral , bridget jones' diary or high fidelity , then you won't want to miss about a boy . 
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen . 
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable . 
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years . 
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws . 
here's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior . 
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses . 
it's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer . 
herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among germany and eastern european jews might have changed 20th-century history is undermined by ahola's inadequate performance . 
it's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . 
what begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film's end , a feminist action fantasy . 
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks . the thing just never gets off the ground . 
maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts . 
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant . 
director brian levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you'll find on a french poodle . 
tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films : young is cool , and too young is too cool . 
the film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task . 
suffers from all the excesses of the genre . 
it's got the brawn , but not the brains . 
mr . goyer's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way . 
bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer . 
fessenden's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy . 
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief . 
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it's offensive , but that it's boring . 
elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it's therapeutic to laugh along with them . 
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene's prose , and it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american . 
it takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of robert forster , anne meara , eugene levy , and reginald veljohnson all in the same movie . 
accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue isn't smart , then you need to use more poetic license . 
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . 
benigni presents himself as the boy puppet pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and american breckin meyer's ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice . 
been there done that . 
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown . 
a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate . 
'this movie sucks . '
the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 
it's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur dong's family fundamentals does . 
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one . 
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one . 
 . curiously , super troopers suffers because it doesn't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . 
this is a great subject for a movie , but hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director john woo has built his career on . 
if you've ever wondered what an ending without the input of studio executives or test audiences would look like , here it is . 
there's none of the happily-ever -after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that's part of what makes dover kosashvili's outstanding feature debut so potent . 
the whole damn thing is ripe for the jerry springer crowd . it's all pretty cynical and condescending , too . 
very well-written and very well-acted . 
worth a look as a curiosity . 
ok arthouse . the power of this script , and the performances that come with it , is that the whole damned thing didn't get our moral hackles up . 
look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music . 
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea . 
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it . 
baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within . 
beneath clouds is a succinct low-budget film whose compelling characters and intelligent script are exactly what was missing from rabbit-proof fence . 
well-nigh unendurable . . . though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull . 
catch it . . . if you can ! 
if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 
a lovely and beautifully photographed romance . 
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . their work is fantastic . 
you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit . 
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow . 
if you're not totally weirded- out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle , quitting hits home with disorienting force . 
'possession , ' based on the book by a . s . byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man . . . about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy . 
while not all that bad of a movie , it's nowhere near as good as the original . 
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style . 
a savage john waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over . 
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular . 
has the feel of an unedited personal journal . 
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill . 
 . . . certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . but something seems to be missing . a sense of real magic , perhaps . 
the creative animation work may not look as fully 'rendered' as pixar's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree . 
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe . 
this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul's-eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case . 
a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 
fans of behan's work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy . 
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran's electoral process , but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast . 
if you're hard up for raunchy college humor , this is your ticket right here . 
feels less like a change in [herzog's] personal policy than a half-hearted fluke . 
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . but it would be better to wait for the video . and a very rainy day . 
despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy . 
'alice's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures . 
the humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny . 
woefully pretentious . 
an infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy . 
blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation . 
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . 
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider's performance is so fine , it's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 
for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking . 
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances . 
fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . 
this isn't exactly profound cinema , but it's good-natured and sometimes quite funny . 
admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form . 
a zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . 
amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way . 
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks . 
like so many other allegedly scary movies , it gets so tangled up in the twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten . 
the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment . 
there's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking . 
bubba ho-tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that doesn't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it . 
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives . 
a tone poem of transgression . 
subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , the piano teacher is a daring work of genius . 
a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane . 
i know that i'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie . 
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises . 
 . . . a magnificent drama well worth tracking down . 
 . . . either you're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you're not . 
a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking . 
the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it's impossible to care . 
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it . we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low . 
the film sometimes flags . . . but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace . 
an unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection . 
no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are 'german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable . 
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity . . . bisset is both convincing and radiant . 
an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance . 
ah-nuld's action hero days might be over . 
merci pour le movie . 
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece
labute can't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : he's changed the male academic from a lower-class brit to an american , a choice that upsets the novel's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film . 
at once half-baked and overheated . 
 . . . an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar . 
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor . 
over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor . 
if a horror movie's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well . . . a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year . 
even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame . 
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino . 
 . . . a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on rice's second installment of her vampire chronicles . 
it isn't that stealing harvard is a horrible movieif only it were that grand a failure ! it's just that it's so not-at-all-good . and i expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director bruce mcculloch . 
there's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long . 
most of the supporting characters in eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots . this one's weaker than most . 
 . . . what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
make like the title and dodge this one . 
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches . . . gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving . 
mostly martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it's a pleasurable trifle . the only pain you'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub . 
the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible . it's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle . 
forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of friday-night excitement and milla power . 
i'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes . 
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle . 
blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological . 
the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger . 
though certainly original in form , altar boys requires a taste for swamp thing-type animation , doubled with a deafening score . 
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
good ol' urban legend stuff . 
director clare kilner's debut is never as daft as it should have been . 
how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts . 
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time . 
what started out as a taut contest of wills between bacon and theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence . 
it would be interesting to hear from the other side , but in talk to her , the women are down for the count . 
anchored by friel and williams's exceptional performances , the film's power lies in its complexity . nothing is black and white . 
the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon . . . is so pat it makes your teeth hurt . 
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory . 
if the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic heaven will quite likely be more like hell . 
a weird , arresting little ride . 
somewhat blurred , but kinnear's performance is razor sharp . 
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . 
old-form moviemaking at its best . 
the fourth " pokemon " is a diverting--if predictable--adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world's delicate ecological balance . 
one of the best movies of the year . 
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes . 
witty , vibrant , and intelligent . 
 . . . an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler . 
as home movie gone haywire , it's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , i'd rather listen to old tori amos records . 
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the [teen comedy] genre a bad name . 
there aren't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but " elling " manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year's most enjoyable releases . 
 " me without you " is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades . 
a small movie with a big heart . 
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel . 
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year's very best pictures . 
it may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate . 
all that ( powerpuff girls ) charm is present in the movie , but it's spread too thin . 
nervy and sensitive , it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives hollywood . 
on a certain base level , blue crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it . 
my little eye is the best little " horror " movie i've seen in years . 
eight legged freaks won't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love . . . 
falls neatly into the category of good stupid fun . 
too loud , too long and too frantic by half , die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 cannot fly over , tunnel under or barrel through . 
professionally speaking , it's tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller . 
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller
the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel . 
dolgin and franco fashion a fascinating portrait of a vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-american girl with a brand new name in southern tennessee . 
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story . 
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael . 
massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history . 
despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire . 
holm . . . embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma . 
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 
maid in manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road . . . but as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection . 
the new film of anton chekhov's the cherry orchard puts the 'ick' in 'classic . '
the chocolate factory without charlie . 
exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as kerrigan's platinum-blonde hair . 
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing . 
the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielberg's schindler's list . but mr . polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr . spielberg's 1993 classic . 
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna . 
 the film is powerful , accessible and funny . you won't miss its messages , but you'll be entertained as well . 
doesn't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez . 
this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 
we learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef . 
it's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile . 
 . . . a bland , pretentious mess . 
the son of the bride's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also isn't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . this movie is to be cherished . 
nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure . 
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i'm likely to see all year . 
 . . . watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life . and if the hours wins 'best picture' i just might . 
`matrix'-style massacres erupt throughout . . . but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy . 
a keep-'em-guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters . 
a shambles of a movie--visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly . . . its hilarity is completely unintentional . 
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat . 
if you're a fan of the series you'll love it and probably want to see it twice . i will be . 
there's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging . 
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable . 
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds . 
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen
complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort
 " juwanna mann ? " no thanks . wewannour money back , actually . 
touch ! 
if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you inand making you sweat . 
a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady's direction is prosaic . 
what makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved . 
wasabi is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of hubert's punches ) , but it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn . 
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time . 
even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it doesn't make for completely empty entertainment
gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance . 
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley's breasts -- is authentic . 
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial . 
a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads . 
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later . 
jagger the actor is someone you want to see again . 
 . . . a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway . 
[f]rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours . 
director barry skolnick and his screenwriters glibly tick off every point of " the longest yard " playbook like a checklist . 
the performances take the movie to a higher level . 
it treats women like idiots . 
a fairly by-the-books blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy . 
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichs and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood . 
isn't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? and it's a lousy one at that . 
eight legged freaks ? no big hairy deal . 
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title . 
if you don't flee , you might be seduced . if you don't laugh , flee . 
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted . 
a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments . 
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama . 
the movie gets muted and routine . 
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion . 
lee jeong-hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that i couldn't help being captivated by it . 
the path ice age follows most closely , though , is the one established by warner bros . giant chuck jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie's release . 
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story . 
if you are curious to see the darker side of what's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ? ! ? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there's nothing very attractive about this movie . 
whether or not you buy mr . broomfield's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr . broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . 
you . . . get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone . 
i don't think i laughed out loud once . and when you're talking about a slapstick comedy , that's a pretty big problem . 
for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m . night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . 
[reaches] wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair . 
it's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate . 
shallow , noisy and pretentious . 
 . . . always remains movingly genuine . 
instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life . 
i'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back . 
the story's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr . day-lewis roars with leonine power . 
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high . 
it's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer . 
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional . 
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short . 
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact . 
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it's really well directed . 
unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller . 
the film's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 
payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . 
the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge . these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future . 
the movie's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh . 
this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you hadn't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point . 
a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within . 
in his debut as a film director , denzel washington delivers a lean and engaging work . 
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie . 
the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be . 
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time . we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride . 
it's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show . 
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea isn't funny . 
clever but not especially compelling . 
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen . 
a perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie . 
if you grew up on scooby -- you'll love this movie . matthew lillard is born to play shaggy ! 
it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come . 
it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker's motherland . 
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere . 
impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises . 
on the surface , it's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but it has a lot in common with piesiewicz's and kieslowski's earlier work , films like the double life of veronique . 
george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years . 
behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one can't help but think he'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art . 
it's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing . 
delirious fun . 
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum . 
arty gay film . 
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material . 
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that doesn't make much sense even on its own terms . 
there's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever . 
imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern . 
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie's hideous yellow 'do . 
with exquisite craftsmanship . . . olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . 
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you . 
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit . 
city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes . but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing . 
the party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks . the rest of the film . . . is dudsville . 
 " i blame all men for war , " [the warden's daughter] tells her father . the movie is about as deep as that sentiment . 
it's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man clich atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of [woo's] best work . 
mordantly funny and intimately knowing . . . 
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more . 
somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes . 
an excellent romp that boasts both a heart and a mind . 
something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously . 
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows . 
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference . 
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
this remake of lina wertmuller's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero . 
the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller . 
it's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it's all about the silences and if you're into that , have at it . 
gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western . 
portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama . 
i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither . 
a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore . 
a rarity among recent iranian films : it's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist's plight . 
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ? 
a movie that's held captive by mediocrity . not bad , but not all that good . bacon keeps things interesting , but don't go out of your way to pay full price . 
[a] strong piece of work . 
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing . 
two hours of junk . 
needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey . 
steven soderbergh doesn't remake andrei tarkovsky's solaris so much as distill it . 
not only unfunny , but downright repellent . 
very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan
mr . parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom . 
it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . 
a depressing confirmation of everything those of us who don't object to the description " unelected " have suspected all along : george w . bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide . 
like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable . 
it's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary . 
no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film . 
 . . . the plot weaves us into a complex web . 
the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut . 
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . 
beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness . 
there's . . . tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate . 
the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne's '20 , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal version of h . g . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 
 . . . while the humor aspects of 'jason x' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks . 
the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful . 
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate . 
a refreshing korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters . 
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie's darker turns . 
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it isn't . 
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison . 
as green-guts monster movies go , it's a beaut . 
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . 
zhang . . . has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast . 
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch . 
if you're willing to have fun with it , you won't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 
static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold ! would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year . 
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them . 
maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements . 
the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers . 
for all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that kapur tries to bring to the four feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear . 
lee's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability . 
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it's a heck of a ride . samuel l . jackson is one of the best actors there is . 
a minor work yet there's no denying the potency of miller's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure . 
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor . 
i can't remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail . 
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally . 
while guzmn frustratingly refuses to give pinochet's crimes a political context , his distance from the material is mostly admirable . 
makes one thing abundantly clear . american musical comedy as we know it wouldn't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun's-sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . 
there's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie . 
it's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise . 
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect . 
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence . 
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller . 
it's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave . 
the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon . 
this is a very funny , heartwarming film . it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect . 
pan nalin's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic . 
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher . 
[a] painfully flat gross-out comedy . . . 
we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies . 
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 
 . . . a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920's . . . the film's ending has a " what was it all for ? " feeling to it , but like the 1920's , the trip there is a great deal of fun . 
jones . . . does offer a brutal form of charisma . 
the film has [its] moments , but they are few and far between . 
the plot is straight off the shelf , the performances are television- caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy . 
it's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational , and yet it's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff . 
it's not just a feel-good movie , it's a feel movie . you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did . 
it may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of weekend and two or three things i know about her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ? 
parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy level of the film's city beginnings into its country conclusion
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 . 
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution . 
a thriller made from a completist's checklist rather than with a cultist's passion . 
 . . . by the time it's done with us , mira nair's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over . 
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they've told a nice little story in the process . 
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film . 
this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty . 
for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 
the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but . . . 
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 
seeing seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but . 
'stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film . '
'dragonfly' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck . 
[anderson] uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense . 
when it's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , " real women have curves " is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . 
while super troopers is above academy standards , its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling . 
having never been a huge fan of dickens' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure i had watching mcgrath's version . 
vera's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them . 
there's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought . 
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . 
we get an image of big papa spanning history , rather than suspending it . 
 " 13 conversations about one thing " is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 
slick piece of cross-promotion . 
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary . 
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . 
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout . 
 . . . nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects . 
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative . 
stale , futile scenario . 
build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year . 
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously . 
it uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color . 
noyce's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective . 
it's probably not easy to make such a worthless film . . . 
it's not original enough . 
the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance . 
enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd . 
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 
it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb . 
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of 'black culture' and the dorkier aspects of 'white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are . 
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing . 
my thoughts were focused on the characters . that is a compliment to kuras and miller . if i had been thinking about the visual medium , they would have been doing something wrong . 
becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that doesn't and a thriller that won't . 
feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum . 
the fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work . 
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 
the film's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling . 
despite a story predictable enough to make the sound of music play like a nail-biting thriller , its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it . 
this rather superficial arthouse middle-brow film knows how to please a crowd , and that's about all it does well . 
in a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in . 
hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people . 
both lead performances are oscar-size . quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver . 
press the delete key . 
deliciously slow . 
when seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , i wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , 'hey , kool-aid ! '
this surreal gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes . a rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers . 
witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful . 
terminally brain dead production . 
everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing . 
[u]nrelentingly stupid . 
a plodding look at the french revolution through the eyes of aristocrats . 
underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough . 
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion . 
quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ? 
cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy . 
a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers . . . 
a movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it's approached with imagination and flair . 
a fanciful drama about napoleon's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility . 
the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments . 
sucking all the 'classic' out of robert louis stevenson's treasure island and filling the void with sci-fi video game graphics and disney-fied adolescent angst . . . 
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise . 
full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience . 
a clever blend of fact and fiction . 
when a film is created solely because it's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result . let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested . 
a gushy episode of " m * a * s * h " only this time from an asian perspective . 
a incompetncia de marcus adams como roteirista s  superada por sua pssima direo . 
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash . stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory . 
the movie's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness . 
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . 
impossible as it may sound , this film's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident . 
huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair . 
no , i don't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . 
the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all can't stand . 
the irwins' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts . 
this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own . 
you know that ten bucks you'd spend on a ticket ? just send it to cranky . we don't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . 
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . 
[t]hose same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously , and the stepford wives mentality doesn't work in a modern context . 
blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew . 
about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the american dream . 
[i]f you've been to more than one indie flick in your life , chances are you've already seen this kind of thing . 
it's the filmmakers' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion . 
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore . 
 . . . little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen . 
draggin' about dragons
showtime is closer to slowtime . 
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . it's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied . 
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes . 
the movie is well crafted , and well executed . if you're paying attention , the " big twists " are pretty easy to guess - but that doesn't make the movie any less entertaining . 
just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail . 
to imagine the life of harry potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized woody allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow : enter the fist . 
howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you'd swear he just stepped out of a buuel retrospective . 
what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we've shared a great adventure . 
 . . . the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes " what time is it there ? " something the true film buff will enjoy . 
refreshing . 
thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began . 
it's like every bad idea that's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? ) . 
irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free . 
the movie's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing . 
secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving . 
veret has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs . 
first good , then bothersome . excellent acting and direction . 
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese . 
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them . 
majidi's direction has never been smoother or more confident . 
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship . 
collateral damage finally delivers the goods for schwarzenegger fans . 
if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get . 
the diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time . 
with rare birds , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland's wild soil -- and the rock once again resists the intrusion . 
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits . 
no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make . 
it strikes hardest when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain . fifty years after the fact , the world's political situation seems little different , and [director phillip] noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill . 
an awful lot like one of [spears'] music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . 
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it . 
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . 
the sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense . 
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it doesn't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde's wit and the actors' performances . 
the premise is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences . 
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery . 
any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look . 
director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one . 
alex nohe's documentary plays like a travelogue for what mostly resembles a real-life , big-budget nc-17 version of tank girl . 
williams plays sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in insomnia . he does this so well you don't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role . 
scooby dooby doo / and shaggy too / you both look and sound great . / but daphne , you're too buff / fred thinks he's tough / and velma - wow , you've lost weight ! 
in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls . 
intended to be a comedy about relationships , this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area . 
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it's the butt of its own joke . 
it's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers don't make often enough . 
 . . . a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor . 
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema . 
although it tries to be much more , it's really just another major league . 
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession  one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom . 
 . . . there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen . 
partway through watching this saccharine , easter-egg-colored concoction , you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected tv show . 
a subtle and well-crafted ( for the most part ) chiller . 
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised . 
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time . 
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
a lack of thesis makes maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special . 
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that's where this film should have remained . 
the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . 
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes . 
the script's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off . 
a film with a great premise but only a great premise . 
expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished . 
his [nelson's] screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it . 
the journey toward redemption feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie . 
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people . 
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . but mostly it's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair . 
sandra nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed martha as her heart begins to open . 
there's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids' movie . . . that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups . 
hatosy . . . portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . 
ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine . 
nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay . 
brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation . 
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride . 
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 
the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day . 
yes they can swim , the title is merely anne-sophie birot's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through . 
the movie is brilliant , really . it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events . 
all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams . 
perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie . 
clint eastwood's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb& j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises  but still quite tasty and inviting all the same . 
it arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications . 
it deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons . 
while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there's much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls can't swim . 
with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . 
can't kick about the assembled talent and the russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers . still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral . 
frank capra played this story straight . but the 2002 film doesn't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate 'comedy' scenes . 
an impossible romance , but we root for the patronized iranian lad . 
final verdict : you've seen it all before . 
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . 
a non-mystery mystery . 
about one in three gags in white's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook . 
what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between . 
discursive but oddly riveting documentary . 
nair stuffs the film with dancing , henna , ornamentation , and group song , but her narrative clichs and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera . 
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 
as a vehicle to savour binoche's skill , the film is well worthwhile . 
using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . 
if a big musical number like 'praise the lord , he's the god of second chances' doesn't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids . 
the origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books . it's in the action scenes that things fall apart . 
with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichs . 
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 
it's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it's just grating . 
shouldn't have been allowed to use the word " new " in its title , because there's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie . 
like its two predecessors , 1983's koyaanisqatsi and 1988's powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever . 
if disney's cinderella proved that 'a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio's wallet makes . 
more a load of enjoyable , conan-esque claptrap than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the mummy pictures represent . 
as any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death . on that score , the film certainly doesn't disappoint . 
the kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself . 
not for the prurient or squeamish , it's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics . 
like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything's in place but something's just a little off-kilter . 
be forewarned , if you're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 
they threw loads of money at an idea that should've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . 
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . 
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . 
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . 
a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle . 
a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives . 
for the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride . 
the film has a childlike quality about it . but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass . 
alain choquart's camera barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating . 
the fast runner' transports the viewer into an unusual space
while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast . . . have made the old boy's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible . 
borrows a bit from the classics " wait until dark " and " extremities " . . . but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself . 
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film . 
loosely speaking , we're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin . 
a movie that's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it's-funny level . 
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film . 
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office . 
this is nothing but familiar territory . 
was i scared ? only at the prospect of beck's next project . let's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what's next . . . ghost blimp ? 
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph . 
the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable . 
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack . 
a smart , compelling drama . 
it will break your heart many times over . 
who is this movie for ? not kids , who don't need the lesson in repugnance . it's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are 'edgy . '
intelligent and moving . 
the first fatal attraction was vile enough . do we really need the tiger beat version ? 
birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . 
it's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it didn't entirely grab me , but there's stuff here to like . 
to call the other side of heaven " appalling " would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be . 
there's no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong . this is an hour and a half of daydreaming . 
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we've long associated with washington the actor . 
poor ben bratt couldn't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions . 
occasionally , in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new . 
a moving story of determination and the human spirit . 
i haven't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered . 
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling . 
sweet home alabama isn't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts . 
it's burns' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . 
like shrek , spirit's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . 
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 
go for la salle's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script . 
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . 
watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy . 
engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship . 
[t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film , as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 
made-up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on america's skin-deep notions of pulchritude . 
the film's essentially over by the meet-cute . 
well , it does go on forever . 
the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth . 
 " my god , i'm behaving like an idiot ! " yes , you are , ben kingsley . 
it wasn't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the filmit was the unfulfilling , incongruous , " wait a second , did i miss something ? " ending . 
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . 
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work . 
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 
despite the film's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character's gripping humanity . 
a comic gem with some serious sparkles . 
this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people . 
[e]ventually , every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism . 
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in [this] meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot . 
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction . 
the movie's eventual success should be credited to dennis quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace . 
the doofus-on- the-loose banter of welcome to collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it . and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content isn't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 
it's as close as we'll ever come to looking through a photographer's viewfinder as he works . 
it will not appeal to the impatient , but those who like long books and movies will admire the way it accumulates power and depth . 
the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense . 
it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking . 
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted- from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility . 
[a] real pleasure in its laid-back way . 
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome . 
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority . 
director dirk shafer and co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama . 
here polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably . 
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart . 
it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it doesn't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise . 
it's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip . 
the biggest problem with roger avary's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director's cut glory , he's made a film that's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything . 
i have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration , but i've got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than i want to believe . 
graas s interaes entre seus personagens , o filme torna-se no apenas uma histria divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguio , mas tambm um belo estudo de personagens . 
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . 
more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original . 
nohe's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he isn't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction . 
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must ! 
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others . 
a movie that's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts . 
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story . 
an enjoyable above average summer diversion . 
unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling . 
the pivotal narrative point is so ripe the film can't help but go soft and stinky . 
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 
show me the mugging . 
a mostly tired retread of several other mob tales . 
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole . 
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing . 
it's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance . 
predictably melodramatic . 
if it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker's son , more incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life's urgent questions . 
generic thriller junk . teens only . 
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling . 
it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film . 
the film has several strong performances . 
after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . 
it's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good . 
for close to two hours the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one . 
the animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but jonah . . . never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment . 
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings . 
it's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive . 
gambling and throwing a basketball game for money isn't a new plot -- in fact toback himself used it in black and white . but toback's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again . 
the kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you . 
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . 
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . 
guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled . 
a highly spirited , imaginative kid's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he's afraid of his best-known creation ? 
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating . 
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy . 
one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before . 
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film's lamer instincts are in the saddle . 
much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome clich . 
it's not only dull because we've seen [eddie] murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed . 
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom . 
 " analyze that " is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . 
'almodvar logra un filme entraable , lleno de compasin , comprensin , amor , amistad , esperanza y humanidad que es sencillamente inolvidable . '
film can't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout . 
if you're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need . 
so what is the point ? lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically . 
watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode . 
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama . 
 . . . the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . 
this is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for , though lovers of the book may wonder why it's necessary . 
the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own . 
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie . 
this orange has some juice , but it's far from fresh-squeezed . 
unless you are in dire need of a diesel fix , there is no real reason to see it . wait for video -- and then don't rent it . 
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes . 
a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney . 
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well . 
everyone's to blame here . 
coppola's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . 
cacoyannis' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . 
not counting a few gross-out comedies i've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes . 
its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up . 
those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . 
what's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . 
dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten . 
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars . 
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic . 
the director's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship ( most notably wretched sound design ) . 
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun . 
let's hope -- shall we ? -- that the 'true story' by which all the queen's men is allegedly " inspired " was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what's been cobbled together onscreen . 
doesn't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago . 
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit . 
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense . 
interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steals 'red dragon' right from under their noses . 
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation . 
a late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques . 
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 
a movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship lil' bow wow . 
while hoffman's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere . 
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it weren't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension . 
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit won't be disappointed . 
the makers of divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood should offer a free ticket ( second prize , of course , two free tickets ) to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie . 
the rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer cgi effects . 
despite slick production values and director roger michell's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 
it's not without its pleasures , but i'll stick with the tune . 
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options . 
in the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a rsum loaded with credits like " girl in bar #3 . " 
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh . 
there are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but brown sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy . 
bean drops the ball too many times . . . hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay . 
hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture . 
'barbershop " is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . 
another useless recycling of a brutal mid-'70s american sports movie . 
[raimi's] matured quite a bit with spider-man , even though it's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you'll ever see . 
lan yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama , but it doesn't even try for the greatness that happy together shoots for ( and misses ) . 
what an embarrassment . 
sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film . one of the best of the year . 
nicks , seemingly uncertain what's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy . 
it is scott's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph . 
the movie's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . killing time , that's all that's going on here . 
a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection . 
if you believe any of this , i can make you a real deal on leftover enron stock that will double in value a week from friday . 
godawful boring slug of a movie . 
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches isn't exactly endearing . 
a film of quiet power . 
among the year's most intriguing explorations of alientation . 
una pelcula oscura , precisa , por momentos grandiosa y casi siempre conmovedora . 
it won't bust your gut -- and it's not intended to -- it's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke . 
i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism . 
a winning and wildly fascinating work . 
it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense . 
a preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in brooklyn circa 1958 . 
it's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another . 
a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures . 
barely goes beyond comic book status . 
an often-deadly boring , strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach
 . . . a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
a sly game of cat and mouse that's intense and thrilling at times , but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances . 
i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways . 
most impressive , though , is the film's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters' emotional wounds . 
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera . 
more whiny downer than corruscating commentary . 
an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance . 
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but . . . it's at least watchable . 
entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from venus and men from mars can indeed get together . 
as a first-time director , paxton has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides frailty with its dark soul . 
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . 
while obviously an extremely personal work , it remains inextricably stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut . 
where the film falters is in its tone . 
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas . 
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful . 
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory . 
remarkably accessible and affecting . 
it's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one . 
astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild . 
exploits [headbanger] stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter . 
a beautiful , entertaining two hours . you get the idea , though , that kapur intended the film to be more than that . 
really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart . 
egoyan's movie is too complicated to sustain involvement , and , if you'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious . 
calculated swill . 
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it's not clear whether we're supposed to shriek or laugh . 
has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a " 2 " at the end of its title . 
warm and exotic . 
when your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily . 
shamelessly resorting to pee-related sight gags that might even cause tom green a grimace ; still , myer's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail
it's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness . 
while there are times when the film's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it doesn't . 
stephen earnhart's homespun documentary mule skinner blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens . 
detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor . 
 . . . very funny , very enjoyable . . . 
collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9/11 , an antique , in the end . as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness . 
beautifully directed and convincingly acted . 
para hitler , o mundo era sua tela ; e o horror , seu pincel . e max retrata este fato com elegante abandono , numa triste constatao da realidade histrica . 
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation . 
we've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there's an enthusiastic charm in <i ? fire that makes the formula fresh again . 
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity . 
lapaglia's ability to convey grief and hope works with weaver's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class . 
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you don't want to think too much about what's going on . the movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like chris rock . 
[it's] a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy vinnie jones , but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy . 
[ferrera] has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen . 
human nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control . 
[t]his beguiling belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why . 
the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat . 
stevenson's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination . 
freundlich's made [crudup] a suburban architect , and a cipher . 
george clooney proves he's quite a talented director and sam rockwell shows us he's a world-class actor with confessions of a dangerous mind . 
apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just doesn't figure in the present hollywood program . 
as a film director , labute continues to improve . 
it all adds up to good fun . 
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh . 
the results , if not memorable , are at least interesting . 
candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work . 
below is well below expectations . 
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho's fans . 
the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle . 
garca bernal and talancn are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you'll want things to work out . 
low rent from frame one . 
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 
for a shoot-'em-up , ballistic is oddly lifeless . 
at once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge . 
hip-hop has a history , and it's a metaphor for this love story . 
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . 
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us " the skulls " and last year's " rollerball . " enough said , except : film overboard ! 
so stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly . 
could have been crisper and punchier , but it's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies . 
might have been better off as a documentary , with less of mr . eyre's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage . 
shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that's something i would rather live in denial about
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame . 
an intriguing near-miss . 
snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good . 
like mike isn't interested in recycling old cliches . it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor . 
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . 
a relative letdown . 
thoroughly awful . 
hilarious , acidic brit comedy . 
truth to tell , if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there's nothing here you haven't seen before . 
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting . 
god help the poor woman if attal is this insecure in real life : his fictional yvan's neuroses are aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse . 
'wouldn't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it's like on the other side of the bra ? '
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , 'if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
occasionally melodramatic , it's also extremely effective . 
uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance . 
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it . 
new yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell . . . 
a really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film . 
i can imagine this movie as a b&w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al . , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless . 
this movie got me grinning . there's a part of us that cannot help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something . 
romanek keeps the film constantly taut . . . reflecting the character's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score . 
the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . 
includes too much obvious padding . 
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis . 
too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining . 
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
undercover brother doesn't go far enough . it's just a silly black genre spoof . 
with rabbit-proof fence , noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie . 
this examination of aquatic life off the shores of the baja california peninsula of mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the imax format . 
the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . 
cry havoc and let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed . 
just plain silly . 
the star who helped give a spark to " chasing amy " and " changing lanes " falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer's new action film , " the sum of all fears . " 
an escapist confection that's pure entertainment . 
 . . . quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks . 
perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis's wall of kitsch hard going . 
directed with purpose and finesse by england's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . 
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients . 
it's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured . 
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ? 
admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watch . for caine lovers only . 
 . . . a bland murder-on-campus yawner . 
a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie [woody allen] has made in the last twenty years . 
an involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings . 
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists . 
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d . 
with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 
sure , it's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it's never as solid as you want it to be . 
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film . 
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman . 
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii
i admired this work a lot . 
taken as a whole , the tuxedo doesn't add up to a whole lot . 
pompous and garbled . 
despite its flaws . . . belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . 
travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment . 
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day . 
flavorful and romantic , you could call this how martha got her groove back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with . 
the next big thing's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut . 
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning . 
birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked . 
it's a rare window on an artistic collaboration . 
in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century . . . takes kurys' career to a whole new level . 
taken purely as an exercise in style , this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake is impossible to ignore . but as a movie , it's a humorless , disjointed mess . 
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . 
your taste for jonah - a veggie tales movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the holy spirit . 
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture . 
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels . 
a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one's actions . 
like its predecessor , it's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate . 
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams . 
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off- broadway play . 
diane lane's sophisticated performance can't rescue adrian lyne's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing . 
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be . 
the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding . quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ? 
the worst kind of independent ; the one where actors play dress down hicks and ponderously mope around trying to strike lightning as captured by their 1970s predecessors
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful . 
no , it's not as single-minded as john carpenter's original , but it's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels . 
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone . 
with lines that feel like long soliloquies -- even as they are being framed in conversation -- max is static , stilted . 
just what makes us happy , anyway ? 
[a] satisfying niblet . 
k-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic , but it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy saving private ryanovich . 
it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world . 
seldahl's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness . 
a beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel . 
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . 
did the film inform and educate me ? yes . did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 armenia ? no . and that is where ararat went astray . 
a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment . 
a good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance . 
the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound . the hours is what movies are supposed to be . . . 
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the " gadzooks ! " 
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like . . . but overall the halloween series has lost its edge . 
another rent installment for the ian fleming estate . 
jeffrey tambor's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy . 
the feature-length stretch . . . strains the show's concept . 
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema . 
it won't harm anyone , but neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it . after all , it'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies . 
i'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking . 
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard . 
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination . 
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment . 
i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible . 
just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos . 
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept . 
in his u . s . debut , mr . schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . 
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . 
this is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few . 
at about 95 minutes , treasure planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story . however , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with stevenson's tale as well as with earlier disney efforts . 
a fun ride . 
it might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a three's company-style laugh track . 
escapism in its purest form . 
van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest . 
see it . debate it . remember it . 
the problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise , mr . desplechin is content to state it . 
a melancholy , emotional film . 
if you like peace , you'll like promises . 
made by jackasses for jackasses . 
having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , khouri then gets terrific performances from them all . 
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste . 
steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it's so clever you want to hate it . but he somehow pulls it off . 
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair's film is an absolute delight for all audiences . 
the additional storyline is interesting and entertaining , but it doesn't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story . i like the new footage and still love the old stuff . 
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else . 
do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman doesn't work ? 
barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time
 . . . a well-observed and disturbing little movie
suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video . 
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia . 
[a] rare movie that makes us re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity . 
a loving little film of considerable appeal . 
a wildly inconsistent emotional experience . 
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel . 
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies . 
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film's present with the playful paranoia of the film's past . 
sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to frida kahlo as if her life did , too . 
 . . . one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else . 
though not for everyone , the guys is a somber trip worth taking . 
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 
[barry] gives assassin a disquieting authority . 
for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . if you're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts . 
how on earth , or anywhere else , did director ron underwood manage to blow $100 million on this ? 
fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 
a comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience . 
visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it . 
fun and nimble . 
i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . 
swimfan , like fatal attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub . 
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film . 
in the telling of a story largely untold , bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar . 
what the four feathers lacks is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about . 
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming . 
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity ofemotional recovery . 
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional . 
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker . 
blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor . and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy . 
the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it . 
a beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran . 
at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 
this is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable . 
what with the incessant lounge music playing in the film's background , you may mistake love liza for an adam sandler chanukah song . 
as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , 'lovely ! brilliant ! '
even if you've seen " stomp " ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! 
there's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies . 
it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
insomnia is involving . still , i thought it could have been more . 
talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark . 
it's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins . 
cool ? this movie is a snow emergency . 
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction . 
[h]ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by . 
secretary is just too original to be ignored . 
enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment . 
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment . 
an offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays . 
twenty years after its first release , e . t . remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg's misunderstood career . 
one thing's for sureif george romero had directed this movie , it wouldn't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head . 
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated . 
an imaginative comedy/thriller . 
for the most part , director anne-sophie birot's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama . 
spielberg's picture is smarter and subtler than [total recall and blade runner] , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences . 
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration . 
rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 . 
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional . 
assayas' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne's novel . 
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we're never sure how things will work out . 
but the power of these [subjects] is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film's narrative . 
like dickens with his passages , mcgrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel . 
bearable . barely . 
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry . 
a deep and meaningful film . 
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things . it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter . 
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary . 
but buying into sham truths and routine " indie " filmmaking , freundlich has made just another safe movie . it's not horrible , just horribly mediocre . 
one from the heart . 
adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse . 
it trusts the story it sets out to tell . 
i never thought i'd say this , but i'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies ! 
ice age won't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i'm giving it a strong thumbs up . 
supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy . alas , getting there is not even half the interest . 
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine . 
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes won't still be tapping . 
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm . 
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film . 
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life . 
you can thank me for this . i saw juwanna mann so you don't have to . 
lyne's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded . 
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being . 
it's a sometimes interesting remake that doesn't compare to the brilliant original . 
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity . 
a working class " us vs . them " opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered . 
a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done . 
the story of trouble every day . . . is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult . 
desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats . 
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him . . . there is never really a true " us " versus " them " . 
this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal . 
one gets the impression the creators of don't ask don't tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes . too bad none of it is funny . 
we are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting . 
 . . . brian de palma is utterly mad : cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad . it's a beautiful madness . 
how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 
ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family's custom-made christmas card . 
it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived . 
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired . 
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . 
breen's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting . 
if melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna . 
an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss . 
has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups . 
a fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of malcolm in the middle and its pubescent star , frankie muniz . 
at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face . 
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it's still quite worth seeing . 
visually fascinating . . . an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . 
aside from rohmer's bold choices regarding point of view , the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art . 
not so much farcical as sour . 
its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper . 
to work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer . that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion . 
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j . wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time . 
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades . 
the formula is familiar but enjoyable . 
the movie is full of fine performances , led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel , his wife . 
manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite . 
a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction ! 
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years . 
i'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . 
it's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . make chan's action sequences boring . 
you don't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable b-minus to the emperor's club . 
this tuxedo . . . should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations . 
the film's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go . 
'de niro . . . is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller . 
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate . 
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness . 
[green is] the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i'm just about ready to go to the u . n . and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 
 . . . a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism . 
one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society . 
doesn't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces . . . that raise the bar on stylized screen violence . 
gaghan . . . has thrown every suspenseful clich in the book at this nonsensical story . 
an uneven look into a grim future that doesn't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k . dick stories . 
es triste tener que decirles que lo nico grato de la cinta es el cuerpo desnudo de la heather . . . 
even when crush departs from the 4w formula . . . it feels like a glossy rehash . 
high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character . 
the characters are never more than sketches . . . which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . 
japanese director shohei imamura's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime . 
all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that don't really care for the candidate they're forced to follow . 
the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie . 
the visuals alone make metropolis worth seeing . 
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines . 
yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a can't-miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong . 
a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ? in a word : no . 
it's made with deftly unsettling genre flair . 
it's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . 
those unfamiliar with mormon traditions may find the singles ward occasionally bewildering . 
a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie . 
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending . certainly the big finish wasn't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for . . . but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps . 
a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow . 
not a stereotype is omitted nor a clich left unsaid . 
the master of disguise represents adam sandler's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . 
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . 
it looks much more like a cartoon in the end than the simpsons ever has . 
nicole holofcener's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style . 
opening with some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends , the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half . 
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material . 
unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . by the end you can't help but feel 'stoked . '
 . . . a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 
there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit . 
we may get the full visceral impact of a ruthless army on the warpath but no sense of the devilish complexity of the balkans conflict . 
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long . nevertheless , it still seems endless . 
[a] soulless , stupid sequel . . . 
stay clear of reminding yourself that it's a " true story " and you're likely to have one helluva time at the movies . 
were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , 'do not go gentle into that good theatre . '
it's endearing to hear madame d . refer to her husband as 'jackie' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer . 
however stale the material , lawrence's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny . 
too much of the humor falls flat . 
a sexy , surprising romance . . . idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair . . . their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger . 
grant isn't cary and bullock isn't katherine . 
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama . 
so original in its base concept that you cannot help but get caught up . 
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn . 
the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging . 
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it--the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . it's also , clearly , great fun . 
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it . 
it thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that [jaglom] pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice . 
what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . 
miyazaki's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout . 
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time . 
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america . . . sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings . 
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market . 
earnest but heavy-handed . 
if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere . 
all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise . 
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle . 
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games . 
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through . 
with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen . . . his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more . 
a gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the iranian new wave . 
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 
an average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son's discovery of his homosexuality . 
as written by michael berg and michael j . wilson from a story by wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all . 
hard to resist . 
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless . 
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life . 
screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rice's complex akasha into a cartoon monster . 
originality ain't on the menu , but there's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller . 
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem . 
intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story's least interesting subject . 
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust . 
most of the action setups are incoherent . 
there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious . 
overly stylized with lots of flash black-&-white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it's ) at its worst when it's actually inside the ring . 
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls . 
sometimes it feels as if it might have been made in the '70s or '80s , and starred chevy chase and goldie hawn . 
katz uses archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all is the song itself
does paint some memorable images . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . how about surprising us by trying something new ? 
at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential . 
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ? 
true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at . 
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time . 
the beautiful images and solemn words cannot disguise the slack complacency of [godard's] vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice . 
brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women's depression . 
anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 
if you can push on through the slow spots , you'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 
it's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing . 
all in all , a great party . 
it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering . 
in all , this is a watchable movie that's not quite the memorable experience it might have been . 
what you expect is just what you get . . . assuming the bar of expectations hasn't been raised above sixth-grade height . 
kosminsky . . . puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . 
the movie is a desperate miscalculation . it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . 
how about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ? 
this is wild surreal stuff , but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other . 
it's rare to find a film to which the adjective 'gentle' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette . 
murderous maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth . 
the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . what's worse is that pelosi knows it . 
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company . 
it must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes . 
director nancy savoca's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could . 
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity . 
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others . it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them . 
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band . 
if there's no art here , it's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . 
feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . 
a bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement . 
an enjoyable experience . 
hu and liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love . 
 ( it ) highlights not so much the crime lord's messianic bent , but spacey's . 
it's like an old warner bros . costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie errol flynn always wanted to make , though bette davis , cast as joan , would have killed him . 
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it cannot even be dubbed hedonistic . 
suspend your disbelief here and now , or you'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits . 
entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel . 
it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . 
as weber and weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the cockettes weren't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create . 
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination . 
 . . . an enjoyably frothy 'date movie' . . . 
a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt . 
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script . 
huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack . 
pryor lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs . 
it's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting . 
two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama . 
there's nothing to gain from watching they . it isn't scary . it hates its characters . it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers . 
like being trapped at a perpetual frat party . . . how can something so gross be so boring ? 
makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun . 
vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order . 
mr . deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy . 
australian actor/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation . 
the film's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter . 
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm . . . the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs . 
stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 
the way coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining . 
what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates . 
[swimfan] falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting . 
this overproduced and generally disappointing effort isn't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd . 
part comedy , part drama , the movie winds up accomplishing neither in full , and leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas , but nevertheless dissatisfied with the movie as a whole . 
lead actress ga , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren . 
about as cutting-edge as pet rock : the movie . 
if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though . . . you will likely enjoy this monster . 
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor . the result might look like vulgar . 
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger . should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike . 
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell . 
expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially seven , which director william malone slavishly copies . 
you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing . 
predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle . 
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls</> . 
sheridan . . . smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth . 
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing . 
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i'm not sure could be a single iota worse . . . a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage . 
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality . 
a delightful coming-of-age story . 
ethan hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the beatnik generation and it's all over his chelsea walls . 
a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution . 
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas . 
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . 
to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree . 
the film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin . 
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters . mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way . 
as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten . 
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters . 
long before it's over , you'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 
the film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low . 
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death . 
 . . . manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . 
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes . 
beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 
maybe thomas wolfe was right : you can't go home again . 
it's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that hollywood isn't laughing with us , folks . it's laughing at us . 
mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative . 
inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening . 
pacino is the best he's been in years and keener is marvelous . 
creepy , authentic and dark . this disturbing bio-pic is hard to forget . 
although life or something like it is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director stephen herek's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles . 
fails to bring as much to the table . 
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after [seagal's] earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat . 
a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more . 
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you can't fake . 
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this won't seem like such a bore . 
feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot . 
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining . 
my wife's plotting is nothing special ; it's the delivery that matters here . 
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story . 
a sometimes tedious film . 
feel bad for king , who's honestly trying , and schwartzman , who's shot himself in the foot . 
[t]he script isn't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi's now-cliched vampire accent . 
it's a coming-of-age story we've all seen bits of in other films -- but it's rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity . 
the film wasn't preachy , but it was feminism by the book . 
the terrific and bewilderingly underrated campbell scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing . 
corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless . it's the perfect kind of film to see when you don't want to use your brain . at all . 
this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . mr . scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated . 
it is a likable story , told with competence . 
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting . 
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane . 
it's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul . 
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it's one tough rock . 
weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger . but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell . 
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex . 
while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight . 
in spite of good housekeeping's unsavory characters and wwf mentality , this white trash war of the roses is a surprisingly engaging film . 
a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival . 
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units . 
emerges as something rare , an issue movie that's so honest and keenly observed that it doesn't feel like one . 
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , cannot overcome blah characters . 
if you're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you're in luck . 
it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original . 
whether [binoche and magimel] are being charming or angst-ridden , they easily fill their scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the hysteria . 
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious . 
has a shambling charm . . . a cheerfully inconsequential diversion . 
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters . 
the best film of the year 2002 . 
it's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters . 
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue . 
this is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make , and the trio's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed . 
at times , however , dogtown and z-boys lapses into an insider's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about . 
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies . 
despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 
like an episode of mtv's undressed , with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance . . . indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper . 
it's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt . 
the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement . and vin diesel is the man . 
the soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too . 
a very charming and funny movie . 
it's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining . 
this kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch . but director danny devito and screenwriter adam resnick ( remember cabin boy ? ) just pound away . 
the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold . 
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary . 
the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh's three lead actresses . 
you could say that it's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people wouldn't , but one thing you couldn't say is that alias betty is predictable . 
with this new rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment . 
the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times . 
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently . . . but peter mattei's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note . 
kaufman's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious . 
being author wells' great-grandson , you'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material . but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film . 
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . 
renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance . 
the movie is like scorsese's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old 'juvenile delinquent' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot . 
this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm . 
don't expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle . 
while not quite a comedy , the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging . 
 coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
there is so much plodding sensitivity . 
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it's the worst movie i've seen this summer . 
the film is so bad it doesn't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen . 
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation . 
those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they don't really want to know . 
five screenwriters are credited with the clich-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before . 
thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
polished , well-structured film . 
in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned . 
some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny . 
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they're often undone by howard's self-conscious attempts to find a 'literary' filmmaking style to match his subject . 
demme's loose approach kills the suspense . 
a woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect . 
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect . 
this is so bad . 
in trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh . 
oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition . 
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date . 
in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . 
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul . . . he elevates the experience to a more mythic level . 
the problem with this film is that it's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot . had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago . 
a wry , affectionate delight . 
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny . 
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . 
 . . . lacks the punch and verve needed to make this genre soar . 
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who aren't looking for them . 
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself . 
after seeing swept away , i feel sorry for madonna . 
a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices . 
 . . . a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind . 
it's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that doesn't feel it has to prove anything . 
thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic . 
possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure . it falls far short of poetry , but it's not bad prose . 
as expected , sayles' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances . 
the film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other . 
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart . 
'it's painful to watch witherspoon's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '
if your taste runs to 'difficult' films you absolutely can't miss it . 
the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy . 
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion . 
it's the sweet cinderella story that " pretty woman " wanted to be . 
this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics . 
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun . 
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . hmmmmight i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ? 
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film . . . 
believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half . but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us . 
 . . . if you're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch freaks as a matinee . 
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest 'tron' anderson , seems entirely improvised . 
arnold's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces . 
not a strike against yang's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached . 
time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . 
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . 
any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes . like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it . 
old people will love this movie , and i mean that in the nicest possible way : last orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship . 
in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 
the master of disguise is awful . it's pauly shore awful . don't say you weren't warned . 
by the end of the movie , you're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . 
if you're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then mostly martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite . 
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof . 
if all of eight legged freaks was as entertaining as the final hour , i would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation . 
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called 'comedy' and not laugh once . 
a very witty take on change , risk and romance , and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth . 
jason x is positively anti-darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and jason still kills on auto-pilot . 
a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene's work as well as a remarkably faithful one . 
this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kong's john woo . he's not good with people . 
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , 'ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . 
liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , goodfellas image . 
contradicts everything we've come to expect from movies nowadays . instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way . 
it's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent electra rebellion . 
each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense . 
the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you . 
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious . 
this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer . 
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . 
 " catch me " feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . 
the sort of film that makes me miss hitchcock , but also feel optimistic that there's hope for popular cinema yet . 
the weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough . 
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad . 
the essential problem in orange county is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do . 
director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person . 
for all the complications , it's all surprisingly predictable . 
although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 
it is just too bad the film's story does not live up to its style . 
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children . 
as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting . 
one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . 
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic . 
whaley's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting . 
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . 
 . . . del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . 
perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
despite its flaws , secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions . 
a film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy hollywood caper flick . 
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy . 
a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes . 
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it . 
this is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director dario argento ( a producer here ) , but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic . 
feels untidily honest . 
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot . 
shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . 
'they' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying i'm still stunned . and i've decided to leave a light on every night from now on . 
 " what really happened ? " is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience . 
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film . 
[hayek] throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo . 
while we want macdowell's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her . 
schindler's list it ain't . 
plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made miike . . . a cult hero . 
it's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . cinematic pratfalls given a working over . the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back . 
though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set . 
this isn't even madonna's swept away . this is her blue lagoon . 
this isn't just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby , it's the cliffsnotes with pages missing . 
all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness . 
denis o'neill's script avoids the prime sports cliche , a last-second goal to win the championship , but it neglects few others . 
[fessenden] is much more into ambiguity and creating mood than he is for on screen thrills
even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good . 
labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 
warmed-over tarantino by way of wannabe elmore leonard . 
most haunting about " fence " is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen . noyce's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
it's not that kung pow isn't funny some of the time -- it just isn't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all oedekerk's impish augmentation . 
the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed . 
it's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn . 
some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast . 
the script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of 'hypertime' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for spy kids . 
this film puts wang at the forefront of china's sixth generation of film makers . 
a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget . 
davis has energy , but she doesn't bother to make her heroine's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly . 
the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant . 
sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna doesn't suck as an actress . 
now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism . 
anthony hopkins ? big deal ! we've already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal -- and it was better the first time . 
a slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise . 
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence . . . lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm . 
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg's adaptation of mary gaitskill's harrowing short story . . . is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving . 
it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right . 
it's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true 'epic' . 
 . . . too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be . 
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it's trying to set the women's liberation movement back 20 years . 
 . . . a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off . 
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film . a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 . 
both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent i spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie . 
more of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller . 
earnest falls short of its ideal predecessor largely due to parker's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material . 
bogs down badly as we absorb jia's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance . 
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun . 
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich . 
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs . 
i can only imagine one thing worse than kevin spacey trying on an irish accent , and that's sultry linda fiorentino doing the same thing . 
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility . 
tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen . 
so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor . 
precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family . anyone else seen this before ? 
home alone goes hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even steven spielberg would know how to do . besides , real movie producers aren't this nice . 
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work . 
it will come as no surprise that the movie isn't scary . but here's the real damn : it isn't funny , either . 
full frontal is the antidote for soderbergh fans who think he's gone too commercial since his two oscar nominated films in 2000
[less a movie than] an appalling , odoriferous thing . . . so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you'll want to crawl up your own * * * in embarrassment . 
best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . 
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time . 
it's fairly self-aware in its dumbness . 
a painfully funny ode to bad behavior . 
director david jacobson gives dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims . 
has none of the crackle of " fatal attraction " , " 9  weeks " , or even " indecent proposal " , and feels more like lyne's stolid remake of " lolita " . 
the characters are interesting and the relationship between yosuke and saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there's not enough to the story to fill two hours . 
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . 
sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before . 
it represents better-than-average movie-making that doesn't demand a dumb , distracted audience . 
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . it's a great performance and a reminder of dickens' grandeur . 
 . . . a solid , well-formed satire . 
while the story's undeniably hard to follow , iwai's gorgeous visuals seduce . 
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson . 
it's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix's . 
looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due . 
as conceived by mr . schaeffer , christopher and grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell . 
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 
as the latest bid in the tv-to-movie franchise game , i spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor . 
it's not going to be everyone's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on . 
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat . 
the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate/surf culture , the l . a . beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults . 
it's better than the phantom menace . but unless you're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it isn't much fun . 
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences . . . and it's all the stronger because of it . 
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual . 
the movie turns out to be [assayas'] homage to the gallic 'tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness . 
seriously , rent the disney version . 
you don't know whether to admire the film's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . or both . 
call me a wimp , but i cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film . 
too ordinary to restore [harmon] to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience . 
boyd's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon . 
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies' end you'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others . 
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing . 
though it's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class . 
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time . 
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema . 
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant . 
combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , beck seems to be under the illusion that he's shooting the latest system of a down video . 
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten . 
twenty years later , e . t . is still a cinematic touchstone . 
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley's flopping dolphin-gasm . 
i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness . 
for all its surface frenzy , high crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer . 
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . 
greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past , and he is matched by schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders . 
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness . 
'christian bale's quinn [is] a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters . 
special p . o . v . camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen . 
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks . 
this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain . 
intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed . 
sum " is jack ryan's " do-over . " give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially give credit to affleck . 
the movie is . . . very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes . 
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama . 
the movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy . 
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut . 
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them . 
as saccharine as it is disposable . 
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort . 
the weakest of the four harry potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins . 
if you're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you're at the right film . 
binoche and magimel are perfect in these roles . 
'aunque recurre a ciertos clichs del gnero , la poderosa actuacin de robin williams perdona las fallas del guin . '
the episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life . but the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored . 
the directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge
the film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game . 
the film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in chinese history : war , revolution , communism , etc . 
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist . 
notorious c . h . o . has oodles of vulgar highlights . 
despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show . . . represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it . 
there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening . 
the trinity assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and george ratliff's documentary , hell house , reflects their earnestness  which makes for a terrifying film . 
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions . 
the first bond movie in ages that isn't fake fun . 
i have a new favorite musical -- and i'm not even a fan of the genre
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence . 
the film's snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone . 
this concoction , so bizarre to the adult mind , is actually a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned . 
none of these characters resembles anyone you've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter . 
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . 
i have two words to say about reign of fire . great dragons ! 
though moonlight mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama . 
works because we're never sure if ohlinger's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks . 
while the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation . 
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches . 
passable entertainment , but it's the kind of motion picture that won't make much of a splash when it's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards . 
it's funny , as the old saying goes , because it's true . 
would've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film's predictable denouement . then nadia's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all . 
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded . 
writer and director otar iosseliani's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls . 
there has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes . i believe the message is in the messenger : the agent is a woman . 
[a]n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the disney comedies from the 60s . 
watstein handily directs and edits around his screenplay's sappier elements . . . and sustains off the hook's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer . 
the film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future quentin tarantino picture
on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc . , without the latter's imagination , visual charm or texture . 
the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart . 
asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema's capability for recording truth . 
writer-director's mehta's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres . 
the messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time . 
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb . 
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 
you really have to salute writer-director haneke ( he adapted elfriede jelinek's novel ) for making a film that isn't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch . 
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended . 
co-writer/director jonathan parker's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short . 
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar . 
scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation . 
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment . 
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare's plays . 
what bubbles up out of john c . walsh's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch . 
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
the strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film . not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by the piano teacher . 
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts doesn't mean it's good enough for our girls . 
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve . . . as far as art is concerned , it's mission accomplished . 
like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest . 
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his . 
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . 
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . 
the movie bounces all over the map . 
i can take infantile humor . . . but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer's diapers . 
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . 
denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of vanessa redgrave's career . it deserves to be seen everywhere . 
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you can't wait to see end . 
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 
the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel . 
a momentary escape from the summer heat and the sedentary doldrums that set in at this time of year . 
it's one long bore . 
sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist japanese jokes . 
supposedly authentic account of a historical event that's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment . 
crikey indeed . 
yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it . 
shafer's feature doesn't offer much in terms of plot or acting . 
there's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present . 
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature . 
pumpkin wants to have it both ways . 
this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines . 
the superior plotline isn't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other . 
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat's fat girl , rain is the far superior film . 
one hour photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it's just too bad it doesn't have more flashes of insight . 
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost . 
full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre's definitive , if disingenuous , feature . 
blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller . 
francophiles will snicker knowingly and you'll want to slap them . 
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters . 
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance . 
ao sair do cinema , eu estava feliz e com saudades de um tempo em que , para mim , a existncia de papai noel era um fato inquestionvel . 
you're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous . 
competently directed but terminally cute drama . 
not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels . so , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today's new delhi . 
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life . 
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 
not a bad choice here , assuming that . . . the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly . 
bourne , jason bourne . he can scale a building like a super hero , he can out-stealth any agent , he'll get the girl . he's super spy ! 
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one . 
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss . 
i found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done . 
what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make either of val kilmer&#8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about . 
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing . robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show . 
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man . 
this is junk food cinema at its greasiest . 
a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama . 
it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya . 
the performances are uniformly good . 
a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances . 
better to just call it abc kiarostami . for aids and africa are nothing more than part of the scenery . 
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun . 
a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe . 
as teen movies go , " orange county " is a refreshing change
despite its shortcomings , girls can't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . 
the execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl . 
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i can't remember a single name responsible for it . 
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching . 
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity . 
as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . 
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture . 
so verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-tv movie . 
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that's so prevalent on the rock . 
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters' decisions only unsatisfactorily . 
the movie should be credited with remembering his victims . 
when a set of pre-shooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that's a bad sign . a very bad sign . 
a sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale . 
it's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction . 
a somewhat disappointing and meandering saga . 
visually striking and viscerally repellent . 
dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away . it's a buggy drag . 
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment hasn't escaped the rut dug by the last one . 
little more than a frothy vanity project . 
with zoe clarke-williams's lackluster thriller " new best friend " , who needs enemies ? just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills . 
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 
affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority . 
that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . 
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture . 
the powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question . but this time there's some mold on the gold . 
you could love safe conduct ( laissez passer ) for being a subtitled french movie that is 170 minutes long . you could hate it for the same reason . 
never comes together as a coherent whole . 
visually captivating . 
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled 'hip' , 'innovative' and 'realistic' . 
yes , ballistic is silly . unfortunately , it's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies . 
with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . he fails . 
an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street . 
'a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
a long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been . 
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances . 
lacking gravitas , macdowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . leave these flowers unpicked -- they're dead on the vine . 
bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description . 
sunshine state lacks the kind of dynamic that limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece . 
as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short . 
the talents of the actors helps " moonlight mile " rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing . 
divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances . 
the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected . 
an exciting and involving rock music doc , a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous world . 
if you're not a prepubescent girl , you'll be laughing at britney spears' movie-starring debut whenever it doesn't have you impatiently squinting at your watch . 
offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude . 
roger michell , who did an appealing job directing persuasion and notting hill in england , gets too artsy in his american debut . 
there's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film . . . or the emotional integrity of the performances . 
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke . 
 . . . plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments . 
a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . there isn't a weak or careless performance amongst them . 
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy . 
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script . 
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare . 
insufferably naive . 
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications . 
if steven soderbergh's 'solaris' is a failure it is a glorious failure . 
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children . 
it's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor . 
a wonderful , ghastly film . 
moving and vibrant . 
when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic . 
there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out . 
there's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us . 
director paul cox's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky's diaries is both stimulating and demanding . 
like a fish that's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 
manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time . 
nicolas philibert observes life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern france in his documentary to be and to have , easily one of the best films of the year . 
has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act . 
in a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel . but in imax 3-d , the clichs disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography . 
a sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards . 
one of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution . 
the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy . 
bennett's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that's tough to shake . 
last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . it's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective . 
 " auto focus " works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era
suffers from a flat script and a low budget . 
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling . 
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin . 
few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands . 
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time . 
sexy and romantic . 
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 
from the opening scenes , it's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie . 
this movie has the usual impossible stunts . . . but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie . 
hawke's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , doesn't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . 
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown . 
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . where's the movie here ? 
overall , it's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs . 
it's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . 
like leon , it's frustrating and still oddly likable . 
a well-executed spy-thriller . 
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children's television . 
while it's nice to watch a movie that hasn't been focus-grouped into tedium , yu's cinematic alchemy produces nearly as much lead as gold . 
while certain cues , like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts , jeong-hyang lee's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness . 
a chilling movie without oppressive gore . 
like the chelsea's denizens . . . burdette's collage-form scenario tends to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste . 
i think it was plato who said , 'i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
it's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one . 
a solidly entertaining little film . 
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , [ahola] has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that doesn't produce any real transformation . 
sometimes this 'blood' seems as tired as its protagonist . . . still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game . 
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm's performance , the film would be a total washout . 
a gentle and engrossing character study . 
harmless fun . 
why come up with something even quasi-original , when you can pillage from shirley jackson , richard matheson . . . and puke up something like rose red ? 
although huppert's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , the piano teacher is anything but fun . 
'a' for creativity but comes across more as a sketch for a full-length comedy . 
it looks good , but it is essentially empty . 
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck . 
 . . . built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids . 
the am-radio soundtrack and game cast -- tierney and the inimitable walken especially -- keep this unusual comedy from choking on its own conceit . 
passably entertaining but also mechanical and joyless . 
it's splash without the jokes . 
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom . 
when it's all wet , blue crush is highly enjoyable . when it's on dry land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper . 
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that's more or less how it plays out . 
watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . 
largely a for-fans artifact . 
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia . 
it's not too fast and not too slow . it's not too racy and it's not too offensive . it's not too much of anything . 
you would be better off investing in the worthy emi recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 malfitano-domingo production . 
no matter how you slice it , mark wahlberg and thandie newton are not hepburn and grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore . 
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling . 
it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness . 
a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers . 
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations . 
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun . 
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago . . . 
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman can't save it . 
preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment . 
the camera whirls ! the camera twirls ! oh , look at that clever angle ! wow , a jump cut ! 
get out your pooper-scoopers . 
the movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers . 
the stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious . 
you might not want to hang out with samantha , but you'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story . 
add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney's a good director . 
 " the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble . 
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film . 
defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to believe in it . but darned if it doesn't also keep us riveted to our seats . 
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . 
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material . 
what makes it worth watching is quaid's performance . 
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem . 
fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven ; others need not necessarily apply . 
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product . 
 at its best , it's black hawk down with more heart . at its worst , it's rambo- meets-john ford . 
it's got its heart in the right place , but it also wilts after awhile . 
the main story . . . is compelling enough , but it's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish . 
it's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming . 
while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . 
chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer . 
it made me feel unclean , and i'm the guy who liked there's something about mary and both american pie movies . oh , and booty call . 
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion . 
real women have curves doesn't offer any easy answers . 
streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , " big trouble " is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter . 
the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time . 
compelling as it is exotic , fast runner has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder . 
 . . . pray doesn't have a passion for the material . he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . 
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing . 
finally , the french-produced " read my lips " is a movie that understands characters must come first . 
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters . it's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter . 
despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela . 
in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie . 
it's not hateful . it's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . 
chao was chen kaige's assistant for years in china . he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about . 
what we have here isn't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . 
funny but perilously slight . 
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks . 
what happened with pluto nash ? how did it ever get made ? 
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost . 
why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ? wouldn't one about their famous dad , author of death in venice , etc . , be more valuable ? 
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley's least accessible screed yet . 
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita . 
has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together . 
 . . . surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs . 
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal's overweight and out of shape . 
like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen's astringent wit . 
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report . 
for all its problems . . . the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring . . . which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience . 
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles . 
you'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you'll laugh . 
the journey to the secret's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough . 
more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . . 
his best film remains his shortest , the hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive . 
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s . 
still pretentious and filled with subtext , but entertaining enough at 'face value' to recommend to anyone looking for something different . 
no one but a convict guilty of some truly heinous crime should have to sit through the master of disguise . 
even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold . 
spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama . 
sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero . 
a droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling . 
it's exactly the kind of movie toback's detractors always accuse him of making . 
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago . . . has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency . 
if the film's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start . 
despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . 
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors . . . 
just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing . 
jacquot's rendering of puccini's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera . in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically . 
a simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past . 
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era . 
a frustrating 'tweener' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls . 
a plodding teen remake that's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists . 
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels . 
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble . 
stealing harvard doesn't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . 
the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it isn't exactly kiddie-friendly alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman ( who never gets to play that flute ) has all the charm of a meltdown . 
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street . 
like the best of godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 
even film silliness needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping . 
say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue . 
it's a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic . 
releasing a film with the word 'dog' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them . 
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening . 
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults . 
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool . 
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series . 
as blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , el bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance . 
one of the film's most effective aspects is its tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret . 
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film doesn't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown's life . 
the smash 'em-up , crash 'em-up , shoot 'em-up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense . 
historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit . but this films lacks the passion required to sell the material . 
vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women . 
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels . 
the best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates . 
it's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . 
by turns very dark and very funny . 
for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies . 
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies . 
at times the guys taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . it's not a motion picture ; it's an utterly static picture . 
that rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind . 
ong's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant's experiences in new york city . 
the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield . 
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long . 
it's an 88-minute highlight reel that's 86 minutes too long . 
there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works . 
for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 
the ending doesn't work . . . but most of the movie works so well i'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong . 
it's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . 
falls short in explaining the music and its roots . 
on top of a foundering performance , [madonna's] denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 
it's the kind of movie you can't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you can't bring yourself to dislike it . 
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one . 
a great script brought down by lousy direction . same guy with both hats . big mistake . 
altogether , this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece . 
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i wouldn't be interested in knowing any of them personally . 
good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of european , american and asian influences . 
dazzles with its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness ( which always relates to characters and story ) and johnny dankworth's best soundtrack in years . 
faultlessly professional but finally slight . 
shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker's bottomless pit of self-absorption . 
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to . 
the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats' perspective . 
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it . 
 . . . unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 
contando com uma premissa curiosa , o filme mergulha o espectador em um clima de forte suspense , culminando em um desfecho que certamente fica na memria . 
it's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like punch-drunk love . 
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . 
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , 'spy kids 2' is a visual treat for all audiences . 
the last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage american road-trip drek we've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes
it's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who doesn't think about percentages all day long . 
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair . 
as a rumor of angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even ms . redgrave's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality . 
painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year's most accomplished and riveting film performances . 
there may have been a good film in " trouble every day , " but it is not what is on the screen . 
bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . it may even fall into the category of films you love to hate . i admit it , i hate to like it . 
although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds , there's no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun . 
much of what we see is horrible but it's also undeniably exceedingly clever . 
 . . . the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats . 
'frailty " starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme . 
'unfaithful' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . too bad . 
suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers . 
 " abandon " will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . 
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down . 
ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves . 
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro . 
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie . . . is , also , frequently hilarious . 
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . 
el ttulo no engaa : la pelcula narra una historia donde una mujer enfrentar cierta realidad , y donde el sexo es . . . 
raimi and his team couldn't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . 
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending . now he makes them . 
 . . . a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs  sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh . 
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr . chicken . 
 . . . no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch . 
bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys . 
it's definitely a step in the right direction . 
others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that 'the urge to destroy is also a creative urge' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be . 
it's not thirsty , consuming passion which drives this movie . no , it's the repetition of said behavior , and so children of the century is more mindless love than mad , more grating and boring than anything else . 
the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . 
in my opinion , analyze that is not as funny or entertaining as analyze this , but it is a respectable sequel . 
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings . 
a vivid cinematic portrait . 
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video . 
enigma is well-made , but it's just too dry and too placid . 
if you pitch your expectations at an all time low , you could do worse than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce . 
it's not a bad premise , just a bad movie . 
plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema . 
a quiet treasure -- a film to be savored . 
it's a count for our times . 
it's sweet . it's funny . it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt . and , thanks to the presence of 'the king , ' it also rocks . 
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited . 
overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . 
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches . 
there's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . 
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan . 
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it's documenting . 
'the film is stark , straightforward and deadly . . . an unnatural calm that's occasionally shaken by . . . blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . '
instead of using george and lucy's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george's haplessness and lucy's personality tics . 
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 
a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life . 
vera's three actors -- moll , gil and bardem -- excel in insightful , empathetic performances . 
fairly run-of-the-mill . 
the french director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing . 
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film's problems . 
aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend . when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music . 
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they can't go wrong . better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel . 
it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice . 
for all its serious sense of purpose . . . [it] finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor . 
the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots . 
eckstraordinarily lame and severely boring . 
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension . 
lucky break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it's also drab and inert . 
great character interaction . 
the messages of compassion and mercy are clearly , squarely and specifically expounded via computer animated old testament tale of jonah and the whale . determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor didn't quite engage this adult . 
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well . 
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving . . . 
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory . 
it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film . 
meeting , even exceeding expectations , it's the best sequel since the empire strikes back . . . a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . 
what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 
kinnear gives a tremendous performance . 
[johnnie to and wai ka fai are] sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers . 
let's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . 
waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality . 
the drama discloses almost nothing . 
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered . 
it's hard to pity the 'plain' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 
all too familiar . . . basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when 'angels with dirty faces' appeared in 1938 . 
beers , who , when she's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall . . . [but] the script goes wrong at several key junctures . 
it doesn't quite deserve the gong , but there are more fascinating acts than " confessions of a dangerous mind . " 
if you're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with jason x . 
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment . 
a beautifully observed character piece . 
it's a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story . 
with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast . 
barry convinces us he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 
there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . 
 " frailty " has been written so well , that even a simple " goddammit ! " near the end takes on a whole other meaning . 
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance . 
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it's too long and it goes nowhere . 
he's the scariest guy you'll see all summer . 
a great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy needn't always make us laugh . tim story's not there yet - but 'barbershop' shows he's on his way . 
 . . . best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the warren report . 
exhilarating , funny and fun . 
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not . 
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera's drama and lyricism . 
chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence . 
reggio's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking . 
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets . 
trailer park magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all . 
when [reno] lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w . bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture . 
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 
continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means . 
there's not enough here to justify the almost two hours . 
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr . mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy . 
a decidedly mixed bag . 
returning director rob minkoff . . . and screenwriter bruce joel rubin . . . have done a fine job of updating white's dry wit to a new age . 
thurman and lewis are hilarious throughout . 
watching this film , what we feel isn't mainly suspense or excitement . the dominant feeling is something like nostalgia . 
van wilder doesn't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crass-a-thons like tomcats , freddy got fingered , and slackers . 
what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . 
despite besson's high-profile name being wasabi's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film's thoroughly winning tone . 
it's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun . 
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted " other . " 
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms . bullock's best work in some time . 
at heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance . 
a puzzling experience . 
andersson creates a world that's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad . 
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 
writer/director joe carnahan's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic . 
for anyone unfamiliar with pentacostal practices in general and theatrical phenomenon of hell houses in particular , it's an eye-opener . 
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
it's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert . 
a picture as erratic as its central character . 
maybe you'll be lucky , and there'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back . 
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact . 
a cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency . 
about a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological . 
two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all . 
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos . 
it's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny . 
a glorious mess . 
a very average science fiction film . 
what's infuriating about full frontal is that it's too close to real life to make sense . what's invigorating about it is that it doesn't give a damn . 
more precious than perspicacious
it's tough to watch , but it's a fantastic movie . 
apart from its own considerable achievement , metropolis confirms tezuka's status as both the primary visual influence on the anim tradition and its defining philosophical conscience . 
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film . 
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . 
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great . . . i'm not , and then i realized that i just didn't care . 
it's up to [watts] to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe . 
if looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , don't settle for this imposter . 
a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution . 
pascale bailly's rom-com provides amlie's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest . 
pure of intention and passably diverting , his secret life is light , innocuous and unremarkable . 
as the two leads , lathan and diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers . 
the film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable . 
nothing more than a mediocre trifle . 
there's an energy to y tu mam tambin . much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors . 
the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . the end result is a film that's neither . 
vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all . 
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . 
this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired . 
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots . 
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of " the lord of the rings " trilogy is so huge that a column of words cannot adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson's expanded vision of j . r . r . tolkien's middle-earth . 
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work . 
nelson's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself . it's horribly depressing and not very well done . 
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . 
 . . . there's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 
at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion . 
call me a cynic , but there's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message . 
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm . 
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame . 
with few respites , marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it . 
mandel holland's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by phifer and black are ultimately winning . you'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie . 
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity . 
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film . 
my goodness , queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts . she must have a very strong back . 
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries . 
even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch . 
while it regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century , and returns again and again to images of dissidents in the streets , it's alarmingly current . 
what doesn't this film have that an impressionable kid couldn't stand to hear ? 
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . 
jonathan parker's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . 
this is dicaprio's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year . 
less than fresh . 
if there's one big point to promises , it's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other . 
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot . 
the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame . 
john carlen's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling . 
sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do . 
like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all . 
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes . 
very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary . 
there are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way . 
many of benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of miami vice . 
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director's previous films . 
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time . 
'sophisticated' viewers who refuse to admit that they don't like it will likely call it 'challenging' to their fellow sophisticates . 
just dreadful . i don't blame eddie murphy but shouldn't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ? 
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views . 
as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . 
nearly surreal , dabbling in french , this is no simple movie , and you'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it . i enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme . 
first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it's kinda dumb . and second , what's with all the shooting ? 
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success . 
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three . 
doesn't amount to much of anything . 
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst . 
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation . 
often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness , but seldahl and wollter's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie . 
if you're part of her targeted audience , you'll cheer . otherwise , maybe . 
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september . 
hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . 
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters . 
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up . but they lack their idol's energy and passion for detail . 
open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , talk to her is a cinephile's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations . 
is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief . 
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship . 
will no doubt delight plympton's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting . 
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong . 
adam sandler's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie . 
it's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name . 
it's quite diverting nonsense . 
it treats ana's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . 
not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms . . . is a nonstop hoot . 
an awfully good , achingly human picture . 
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic . 
harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden . 
the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached . 
an exquisitely crafted and acted tale . 
a tv episode inflated past its natural length . 
the biggest problem with this movie is that it's not nearly long enough . 
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in " unfaithful . " why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me . 
a little better than sorcerer's stone . 
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage " be careful what you wish for " is given a full workout . 
it's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 
garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work . 
a journey that's too random and inconclusive to be compelling , but which hoffman's brilliance almost makes worth taking . 
unfortunately , it's also not very good . especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie . 
shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull . 
at nearly three hours , the whole of safe conduct is less than the sum of its parts . 
shankman . . . and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . 
an enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the 'truth' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to . 
one of creepiest , scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling blair witch or the others . 
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . 
it's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash . , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it's what makes their project so interesting . 
it's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from . 
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'empowerment . '
the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors' moments . 
one of those energetic surprises , an original that pleases almost everyone who sees it . 
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor . 
overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very imaxy . 
the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise . 
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet's airless cinematic shell games . 
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you won't be disappointed . 
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz . 
with its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , bloody sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in derry . 
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers . 
 . . . a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness . 
'interesante y disfrutable trabajo gracias a que prescinde del clsico elemento estadounidense patriotero y manipulador . '
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies . 
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating . 
there was time on that second round to see the subtleties of ramsay's portrait of grief . 
everything else about high crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented . 
both flawed and delayed , martin scorcese's gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas . 
the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately don't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays . 
apesar de seus graves problemas , o filme consegue entreter . 
[drumline] is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it doesn't do . 
a very capable nailbiter . 
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming . 
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors . 
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie . 
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore . 
mendes still doesn't quite know how to fill a frame . like the hanks character , he's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed . 
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson's far side humor
not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best . 
it's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep . 
a pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings , the kind of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable . 
a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail . 
i can't remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there's only one problemit's supposed to be a drama . 
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail's pace . 
frankly , it's pretty stupid . i had more fun with ben stiller's zoolander , which i thought was rather clever . but there's plenty to offend everyone . . . 
obvious
un thriller manqu qui tombe sur les nerfs presque ds la premire image . 
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated . 
one of the smartest takes on singles culture i've seen in a long time . 
at its best , queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the '60s . at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects . 
if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clothes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick . 
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naivet and sophistication . 
at once emotional and richly analytical , the cosby-seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary . 
while the stoically delivered hokum of hart's war is never fun , it's still a worthy addition to the growing canon of post-saving private ryan tributes to the greatest generation . 
marinated in clichs and mawkish dialogue . 
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what's missing from this material is any depth of feeling . 
10 minutes into the film you'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away . 
 " simone " is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . 
here's a british flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you . 
whereas oliver stone's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity . 
if the very concept makes you nervous . . . you'll have an idea of the film's creepy , scary effectiveness . 
light the candles , bring out the cake and don't fret about the calories because there's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat . 
a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats . 
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work . 
a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python's meaning of life . 
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games , we get a cinematic postcard that's superficial and unrealized . 
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . 
this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . 
the story may not be new , but australian director john polson , making his american feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly . 
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . 
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman's tragic odyssey . 
less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself . 
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there's something about mary co-writer ed decter . 
i've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama . 
remains a solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , account of the near-disaster . . . done up by howard with a steady , if not very imaginative , hand . 
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride . 
koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany's democratic weimar republic . 
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . 
safe conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull's-eye . 
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet . 
there's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity . 
a lousy movie that's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable . 
en s mismo el rey len es un espectculo digno de contemplarse en cine , dvd o en su soberbio montaje teatral ; pero el hacerlo en la pantalla imax es una experiencia colosal . 
suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let's just say the ingredients don't quite add up to a meal . 
kapur's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself . 
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise . 
the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . the results are far more alienating than involving . 
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it's to this film's ( and its makers' ) credit that we believe that that's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves . 
if there's nothing fresh about wannabes , which was written by mr . demeo , who produced and directed the film with charles a . addessi , much of the time the movie feels authentic . 
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
the title's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is . 
a little too pat for its own good . 
taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise . 
it's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from " promising " to " interesting " to " familiar " before landing squarely on " stupid " . 
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . extraordinary debut from josh koury . 
sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation . 
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted . 
it's jagger's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite . 
more a gunfest than a rock concert . 
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before . 
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of " his girl friday , " maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . 
parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story's core . 
hits one out of the park for the 'they don't make 'em like that anymore' department . 
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way . 
the period -- swinging london in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in gangster no . 1 , but falls apart long before the end . 
exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise . 
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever . 
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 
that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks . 
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . 
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does . 
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . but how it washed out despite all of that is the project's prime mystery . 
i loved looking at this movie . i just didn't care as much for the story . 
the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors . 
in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage's war-weary marine . 
with three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations , it's enough to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective . 
a major waste . . . generic . 
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama . 
the film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses . 
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of 'eh . '
the film's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . 
most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; " frailty " leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home . 
we've liked klein's other work but rollerball left us cold . 
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he'll be your slave for a year . 
a fifty car pileup of cliches . 
a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than " bladerunner " and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen . 
a movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire . 
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 
most consumers of lo mein and general tso's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 
a humorless journey into a philosophical void . 
a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad . 
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . 
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder . 
any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors . 
hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being . 
occasionally funny , always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional almodvar style . 
the appearance of treebeard and gollum's expanded role will either have you loving what you're seeing , or rolling your eyes . i loved it ! gollum's 'performance' is incredible ! 
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers don't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies . 
new best friend shouldn't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video . 
the delicious trimmingsarrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minutewith a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two . 
 . . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable . 
romanek's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures . 
it's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer . 
if you love motown music , you'll love this documentary . 
unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise . 
a loquacious and dreary piece of business . 
children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted . 
it's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest . 
there's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 mgm version . 
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff . 
it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients . 
the ya-ya's have many secrets and one is - the books are better . translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya . 
'ejemplo de una cinta en que no importa el talento de su reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y , por momentos , deplorable . '
williams absolutely nails sy's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness . 
neatly constructed thriller . 
there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 
it's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner . 
overall , it's a pretty mediocre family film . 
fred schepisi's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point . 
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly . 
both damning and damned compelling . 
the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is . 
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination . 
 " men in black ii , " has all the earmarks of a sequel . the story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm , but will anyone really care ? 
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed . 
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 . 
energetic and boldly provocative . 
dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation . it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . ah yes , and then there's the music . . . 
it's a cool event for the whole family . maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again . 
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him . 
a ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes . 
sheridan seems terrified of the book's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its lan , humor , bile , and irony . 
by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . 
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful . 
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . 
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive . 
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear . but one thing's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary . 
if sinise's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over . 
it's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . 
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . 
'in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence . 
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images . 
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats . 
passion , lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes . for me , this opera isn't a favorite , so it's a long time before the fat lady sings . 
a sequel that's much too big for its britches . 
resident evil isn't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail . 
here's my advice , kev . start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line . 
one of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you didn't know was being taken . 
i kept thinking over and over again , 'i should be enjoying this . ' but i wasn't . 
a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event . 
the only question . . . is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . average , at best , i'm afraid . 
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . and there's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . 
a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie . 
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story . 
`martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 
the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish . 
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary . 
'lovely and amazing , ' unhappily , is neither . . . excessively strained and contrived . 
if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he doesn't hold them in contempt . 
enticing and often funny documentary . 
there is no insight into the anguish of heidi's life -- only a depiction of pain , today's version of greek tragedy , the talk-show guest decrying her fate . 
like a poor man's you can count on me
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . and neither do cliches , no matter how 'inside' they are . 
not even the hanson brothers can save it
 . . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age . 
one lousy movie . 
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . 
further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of dubya's axis of evil . 
like most of jaglom's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand . 
no dia em que aceitou dirigir esta continuao , harold ramis deve ter sado da cama com o p esquerdo . e aqueles que decidiram assistir a este filme tambm . 
i can't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents . . . 
the seaside splendor and shallow , beautiful people are nice to look at while you wait for the story to get going . 
one of the best rock documentaries ever . wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many . 
i'm not suggesting that you actually see it , unless you're the kind of person who has seen every wim wenders film of the '70s . 
branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit . 
remember the kind of movie we were hoping " ecks vs . sever " or " xxx " was going to be ? this is it . 
disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical " bedknobs and broomsticks , " which also dealt with british children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime . 
in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works . 
fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored . 
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character . 
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league . 
a lighthearted , feel-good film that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love . 
ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies . enigma lacks it . 
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . 
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side , longley's film lacks balance . . . and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context . 
bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he can't help throwing in a few of his own touches . 
the movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time . 
if this holiday movie is supposed to be a gift , somebody unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap ( literally ) . 
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line . 
the director's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that's low on both suspense and payoff . 
it's rather like a lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable . 
at its best . . . festival in cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in cannes . 
acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes " never again " worthwhile , but [writer/director] schaeffer should follow his titular advice
in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . 
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world . 
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . 
while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer is much sillier . 
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does . 
as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i cannot mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys' superhuman capacity to withstand pain . 
featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great daniel auteuil , " sade " covers the same period as kaufmann's " quills " with more unsettlingly realistic results . 
if this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you can't wait to see what happens next . 
the movie isn't just hilarious : it's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it isn't even all that dumb . 
unlike the speedy wham-bam effect of most hollywood offerings , character development -- and more importantly , character empathy -- is at the heart of italian for beginners . 
morton deserves an oscar nomination . 
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . 
in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 
the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults . 
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films . 
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros . 
passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats . 
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 
in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve . 
a deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy . 
thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun . 
comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . 
unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers . 
often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the american 'hosts' and their 'guests . '
it's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it's brilliant . 
haneke's script ( from elfriede jelinek's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending . 
adaptation is simply brilliant . 
 . . . stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier . 
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is . 
the story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that's rare in film today , but be warned : it's a slow slog to get there . 
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook . 
birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it . 
another best of the year selection . 
it's hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when you've seen the remake first . many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , [yet] are worthwhile . 
in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest . 
it is an indelible epic american story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives . 
the sum of all fears is almost impossible to follow -- and there's something cringe-inducing about seeing an american football stadium nuked as pop entertainment . 
tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy . 
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he's the best brush in the business . 
some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff . stealing harvard can't even do that much . each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . 
writer/ director m . night shyamalan's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable . 
oops , she's really done it this time . that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . 
the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles . 
it's hampered by a lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth . 
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger's sex life , it already has one strike against it . 
unfortunately , carvey's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg . 
the story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long . 
even though the film doesn't manage to hit all of its marks , it's still entertaining to watch the target practice . 
a waterlogged version of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper set . . . a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . 
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four . 
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again . 
 . . . pitiful , slapdash disaster . a doa dud from frame one . 
i've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we've got something pretty damn close . 
interesting , but not compelling . 
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema . 
may puzzle his most ardent fans . 
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film . 
the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater . 
it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them . 
[siegel] and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie . 
 . . . a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels . 
like the best 60 minutes expos , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . 
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 
the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun . 
unflinchingly bleak and desperate
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it . 
like mike is a harmlessly nave slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real nba's off-season . 
worse than 'silence of the lambs' better than 'hannibal'
baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children . 
it's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it doesn't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor . 
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story . 
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . 
this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get . 
less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins . 
it's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 
 " the ring " is pretty much an english-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws . 
the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious . 
though tom shadyac's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 
if you recognize zeus ( the dog from snatch ) it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one . 
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they're simply not funny performers . 
it's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex . 
the kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion . 
with elements cribbed from lang's metropolis , welles' kane , and eisenstein's potemkin , the true wonder of rintar's metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own . 
ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy's intrepid hero ? ridiculous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ? 
it's a long way from orwell's dark , intelligent warning cry [1984] to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation . 
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . 
this engrossing , characteristically complex tom clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time . 
lacks depth . 
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u . s . -- a major director is emerging in world cinema . 
for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . 
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded . 
the milieu is wholly unconvincing . . . and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch . 
the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting . 
a very funny movie . 
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that's hard to resist . 
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it's going to be a trip . igby goes down is one of those movies . 
woody allen has really found his groove these days . the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another . 
a real story about real people living their lives concerned about the future of an elderly , mentally handicapped family member . 
a charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest dogme film and among the most enjoyable . 
the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting . 
tsai ming-liang's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ? , is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly . 
captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper . 
essentially a collection of bits -- and they're all naughty . 
nothing's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away--still , the derivative nine queens is lots of fun . 
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film . 
excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters . 
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie . 
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points . 
so many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists , but family fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality . 
traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichs that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill . 
charming and witty , it's also somewhat clumsy . 
this is the best american movie about troubled teens since 1998's whatever . 
throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another . 
the next generation of mob movie . part low rent godfather . part three stooges . 
this illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the holy land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath . 
a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness . 
george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension . 
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last . 
the movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes . 
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . 
not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit . 
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam's subconscious , pressed through kafka's meat grinder and into buuel's casings
nicolas cage isn't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie won't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career . 
hardly an objective documentary , but it's great cinematic polemic . . . love moore or loathe him , you've got to admire . . . the intensity with which he's willing to express his convictions . 
although estela bravo's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it's still a guilty pleasure to watch . 
the dark and bittersweet twist feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film . first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course . 
though the controversial korean filmmaker's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding . 
while undercover brother is definitely one for the masses , it's also full of sharp , smart satire . 
although it bangs a very cliched drum at times , this crowd-pleaser's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk are often infectious . 
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters  damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . 
this time mr . burns is trying something in the martin scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again . 
more maudlin than sharp . 
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives . 
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up . 
this is pretty dicey material . but some unexpected zigs and zags help . 
if only it were , well , funnier . 
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away . 
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time . 
this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer . 
kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business . 
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects . 
dense and enigmatic . . . elusive . . . stagy and stilted
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ? 
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie . 
presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency . 
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story . 
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 
judd's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice . 
is it a comedy ? a drama ? a romance ? a cartoon ? 
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad's wallet . 
haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration . 
a less-than-thrilling thriller . 
it's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in invincible and overlook its drawbacks . 
 . . . hopefully it'll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around . wait to see it then . 
writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . 
silly , loud and goofy . 
even if you can't pronounce " gyro " correctly , you'll appreciate much of vardalos' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries . 
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering . 
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics . 
even in its most tedious scenes , russian ark is mesmerizing . 
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry cannot make a delightful comedy centering on food . 
my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie . 
culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf . 
comes . . . uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief . 
trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease . 
while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time . 
in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . right now , they're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . 
a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted . 
it's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart . 
that is essentially what's missing from blackboards -- the sense of something bigger , some ultimate point . 
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that's both charming and well acted . it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face . 
 in the end , white oleander isn't an adaptation of a novel . it's a flashy , star-splashed reduction . 
it's a bad sign when you're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest . 
an opportunity missed . 
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style . 
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . 
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery . 
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism . 
what's so striking about jolie's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair . 
 . . . a lesson in prehistoric hilarity . 
an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick . 
ruh-roh ! romething's really wrong with this ricture ! 
it confirms fincher's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight . 
this is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story's a little weak . 
what more can be expected from a college comedy that's target audience hasn't graduated from junior high school ? 
set in a 1986 harlem that doesn't look much like anywhere in new york . 
it's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline . 
this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout . even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached . 
a tender , heartfelt family drama . 
smart , provocative and blisteringly funny . 
it's like a drive-by . you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise . 
the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse . 
if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time . 
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs . robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . 
schtte's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close . 
director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we haven't seen 10 , 000 times . 
i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson . 
long after you leave justine , you'll be wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best -- whatever that might mean . 
martin scorsese cria um espetculo visual que no possui alma - um filme esteticamente belo , mas emocionalmente frio . 
an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st . petersburg's hermitage museum . 
even fans of ismail merchant's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one . 
we get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of americana that hollywood couldn't possibly fictionalize and be believed . 
a film that's flawed and brilliant in equal measure . 
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
woody , what happened ? 
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . i'm left slightly disappointed that it didn't . 
though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static . 
what bloody sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion . 
visually , 'santa clause 2' is wondrously creative . 
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults . 
looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in jane hamilton's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . 
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary . 
[shyamalan] turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count . 
qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere . 
if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch . 
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 
a tv style murder mystery with a few big screen moments ( including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether ) . 
below may not mark mr . twohy's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished . 
lawrence should stick to his day job . he's a better actor than a standup comedian . 
the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven . 
the modern remake of dumas's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action . 
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative . 
like a soft drink that's been sitting open too long : it's too much syrup and not enough fizz . 
the saturation bombing of reggio's images and glass' evocative music . . . ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning . 
eight crazy nights is a showcase for sandler's many talents . 
the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience's chain . 
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day . 
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions . 
some may choose to interpret the film's end as hopeful or optimistic but i think payne is after something darker . 
if you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in , sweet home alabama is diverting in the manner of jeff foxworthy's stand-up act . 
a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama . 
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me . 
bang ! zoom ! it's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places . 
more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again . 
this is really just another genre picture . 
so lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun . 
if you think that jennifer lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry ben affleck , wait till you see maid in manhattan . 
insomnia is one of the year's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances . 
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you . 
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation . 
critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps . 
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection . 
one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals . . . a psychological masterpiece . 
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors . 
the acting alone is worth the price of admission . 
slackers' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by . 
 " austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck . 
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse . 
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty . 
a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child . 
you won't believe much of it , but you will laugh at the audacity , at the who's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all . 
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . 
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable . 
my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag . . . 
a pretentious mess . 
occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring . 
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 
the timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off . 
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell . 
triple x is a double agent , and he's one bad dude . when you've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 
not a cheap slasher flick , as the subject matter would suggest , but is a little like a nature film , showing a patient predator and his foolish prey . 
afraid to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics , all the queen's men is finally just one long drag . 
what a pity . . . that the material is so second-rate . 
while there's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo's dumbed-down tactics ) , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor . 
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing . 
not always too whimsical for its own good ( but enough to do harm ) , this strange hybrid of crime thriller , quirky character study , third-rate romance and female empowerment fantasy never really finds the tonal or thematic glue it needs . 
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women . 
'linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project . . . '
a tasty slice of droll whimsy . 
more tiring than anything . 
the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain . 
directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
[fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall] show us the world they love and make us love it , too . 
the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis . 
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary . he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject . 
hardman is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast . 
one sloughs one's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot . 
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh . not as good as the original , but what is . . . 
k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . 
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent . 
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source . 
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering . . . may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 
if " lilo & stitch " isn't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since " dumbo " certainly ranks as the most original in years . 
it all plays out . . . like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller's time out . 
you can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . thumbs down . 
standing by yourself is haunting . . . [it's] what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction . 
it's easy to love robin tunney -- she's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices . 
it's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin' out loud . if that doesn't clue you in that something's horribly wrong , nothing will . 
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing . 
cuts right through the b . s . giving a big middle-fingered " shut up " to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another . 
ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy clich of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms . paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability . 
without heavy-handedness , dong provides perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions . 
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on . 
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters' suffering . 
strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery . 
there's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that's packed with just as much intelligence as action . 
alarms for duvall's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks . 
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it . 
the overall effect is so completely inane that one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten . . . make that three minutes . 
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect . 
as we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- jason is a killer who doesn't know the meaning of the word 'quit . ' the filmmakers might want to look it up . 
though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters . 
this story of a determined woman's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments . 
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . yep , it's " waking up in reno . " go back to sleep . 
what distinguishes time of favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts . 
the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession . 
both the crime story and the love story are unusual . but they don't fit well together and neither is well told . 
by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable . 
when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read 'seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard . 
meyjes . . . has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics . 
you can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling . 
it's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona . 
merchant hasn't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage . 
goyer's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast . 
it's fun , but a psychological mess , with austin powers bumping his head on the way out of the closet . 
an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story . 
it's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni . 
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 
goes a long way on hedonistic gusto . 
allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today . 
my big fat greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor . 
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny . 
impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie doesn't quite fly . for starters , the story is just too slim . 
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds . 
as shaky as the plot is , kaufman's script is still memorable for some great one-liners . 
a serious movie with serious ideas . but seriously , folks , it doesn't work . 
on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura's best work since the xfl . 
technically and artistically inept . 
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book . 
westfeldt and juergensen exude a chemistry and comfort level that's both saucy and endearing . 
harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research . 
[scherfig] has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters' lives after the clever credits roll . 
has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness . 
whether you like rap music or loathe it , you can't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie . 
offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented . 
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we're seeing something purer than the real thing . 
somehow we're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become g . i . jane . 
a slick , engrossing melodrama . 
ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on . 
a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug . 
kaufman and jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing . 
this time kaufman's imagination has failed him . 
the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and didn't reserve enough for his second . 
an action/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat . 
i can't say that i liked homeboy ; it'd be more accurate to say that i found it intriguing , bizarre , dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way . 
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream . 
every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn . 
an extraordinary dramatic experience . 
simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad . 
even when foreign directors . . . borrow stuff from hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting . 
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved . 
the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar . 
it never rises to its clever what-if concept . 
bad company leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script . 
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short . 
barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality . 
there's not much more to this adaptation of the nick hornby novel than charm -- effortless , pleasurable , featherweight charm . 
new best friend's playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous . 
not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse , it's almost funny . 
 " spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . if you're a comic fan , you can't miss it . if you're not , you'll still have a good time . " 
the film . . . presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau . 
if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances . 
nair and writer laura cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life . 
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name . 
unwieldy contraption . 
a disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a 'bad' police shooting . 
almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai's villainous father to the endless action sequences . 
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort . 
it's an old story , but a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make just a kiss seem minty fresh . 
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . 
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . an exit sign , that is . 
there's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme . 
what little grace [rifkin's] tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics . 
ice cube isn't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin . 
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyone's guess . 
andy garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years and mick jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , performance . 
she's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness . 
however it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust . 
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies . 
with a story as bizarre and mysterious as this , you don't want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door . 
hollywood's answer to an air ball . 
the picture , scored by a perversely cheerful marcus miller accordion/harmonica/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety . 
yet another weepy southern bore-athon . 
even if you're an elvis person , you won't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . 
one can't deny its seriousness and quality . 
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really isn't . 
the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him . 
both overstuffed and undernourished . . . the film can't be called a solid success , although there's plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time . 
a modestly comic , modestly action-oriented world war ii adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight . 
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture can't quite conceal that there's nothing resembling a spine here . 
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks . 
mr . wedge and mr . saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well . their film falters , however , in its adherence to the disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that i'd hoped the movie would avoid . 
enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts . . . what is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with cage's best acting . 
far too clever by half , howard's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another . 
most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears . 
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless . 
deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits . 
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity . 
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls . 
a genuine mind-bender . 
formulaic to the 51st power , more like . 
a potent allegorical love story . 
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre . the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody . 
a generation x artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely cannot last . 
just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half . 
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro . . . couldn't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment . 
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . 
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that's shapeless and uninflected . 
once one experiences mr . haneke's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one's mouth , and little else . 
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing . 
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters . 
a mess . the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen . 
the filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women . 
flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year's eve drunk sporting a paper party hat . 
if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage , then esther's story is a compelling quest for truth . 
what's next : " my mother the car ? " 
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people . . . manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . 
for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded . 
samuel beckett applied to the iranian voting process . 
the film is full of charm . 
angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately . 
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them . 
what's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm . 
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 
nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick . 
a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd . 
if there's one thing this world needs less of , it's movies about college that are written and directed by people who couldn't pass an entrance exam . 
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . 
how anyone over the age of 2 can stomach the touchy-feely message this preachy produce promotes is beyond us . 
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb . 
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . 
secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie . 
this limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982's tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh . 
the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups don't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters . 
somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional . 
feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place . 
this beautifully animated epic is never dull . 
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise . 
the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment . 
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions . 
an absurdist spider web . 
 . . . too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying . 
director hoffman , his writer and kline's agent should serve detention
scorsese at his best makes gangster films that are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent ; perdition , meanwhile , reads more like driving miss daisy than goodfellas . 
ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , 'what's the point ? '
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh's rise up the social ladder . 
for all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , blood work is a strong , character-oriented piece . 
this film biggest problem ? no laughs . 
it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes . 
the plot is so amusingly contrived and outlandish in its coincidences that no one could ever mistake it for anything resembling reality
it's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it's entertaining enough and worth a look . 
although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . 
this u-boat doesn't have a captain . 
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods . 
there is greatness here . 
as the story moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe , the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing . 
cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 
 " the tuxedo " should have been the vehicle for chan that " the mask " was for jim carrey . alas , it's the man that makes the clothes . 
if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins . 
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 
a movie that , rather than skip along the seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek . 
the film is one of the year's best . 
a biopic about crane's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video . 
we haven't seen such hilarity since say it isn't so ! 
the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful . 
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp . 
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america . 
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly . 
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago . 
narc may not get an 'a' for originality , but it wears its b-movie heritage like a badge of honor . 
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates . 
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you're left with a sour taste in your mouth . 
though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining . 
i've heard that the fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one . i wonder why . they felt like the same movie to me . 
no amount of nostalgia for carvey's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey's considerable talents are wasted in it . 
this thing is virtually unwatchable . 
the real question this movie poses is not 'who ? ' but 'why ? '
worthy of the gong . 
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting . 
films are made of little moments . changing lanes tries for more . it doesn't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received . 
viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture . 
less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice belgian waffle . 
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama . 
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive . . . 
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho . 
as unseemly as its title suggests . 
the rock is destined to be the 21st century's new " conan " and that he's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal . 
instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence . 
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into . 
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . 
the beautiful , unusual music is this film's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep . 
the best part about " gangs " was daniel day-lewis . 
thrilling , provocative and darkly funny , this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites , it demands repeated viewings . 
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet . 
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . 
this is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it's hard to know what to praise first . 
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell . 
most of the problems with the film don't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides . . . [and] personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy . 
its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary . 
not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever . 
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy . 
with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub . 
more honest about alzheimer's disease , i think , than iris . 
a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points . 
nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit . 
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis . 
chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror . 
there is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt seagal's character . . . performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we're not watching a double . 
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 
an earnest racial-issues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era -- say , the '60s . 
jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory . 
the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive . 
according to the script , grant and bullock's characters are made for each other . but you'd never guess that from the performances . 
a tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled african-american's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle . 
sweet and memorable film . 
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away . 
scherfig's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky . 
graham greene's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world . 
cassavetes thinks he's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon . 
[two] fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable scandinavian settlers in 18th-century canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now . 
 a thought-provoking look at how western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures . 
likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer . 
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity . 
skillful as he is , mr . shyamalan is undone by his pretensions . 
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick . 
it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 
even through its flaws , revolution #9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film . 
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness . 
a painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots . 
the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary . 
there is very little dread or apprehension , and though i like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill . 
windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop . 
it's unlikely we'll see a better thriller this year . 
the film's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth . 
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell . 
what could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess . 
the comic performances are all spot on , especially lee ross's turn as ken . 
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no . 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience . 
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp . 
it's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in there's something about mary and devise a parallel clone-gag . 
one funny popcorn flick . 
essentially an exceptionally well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald rip-off of aliens . 
doesn't do more than expand a tv show to movie length . however , it's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome . 
cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in . 
there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ? 
it's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled 'the loud and the ludicrous' . . . the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated . 
there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked . 
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel that's better than its predecessor . 
it's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful . 
it's not particularly subtle . . . however , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion . 
the movie's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman's barking-mad taylor to thewlis's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell's hard-eyed gangster . 
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 'cultural revolution . '
care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters . 
shallow . 
the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but i've got to give it thumbs down . 
will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . 
eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable . 
the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously . 
it wouldn't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $7 . 00 . 
like kissing jessica stein , amy's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . 
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand . 
a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j . m . barrie's peter pan . 
a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means . 
you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . 
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . 
the most remarkable ( and frustrating ) thing about world traveler , which opens today in manhattan , is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank . 
 . . . fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense . 
a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture . 
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent . 
writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza . 
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula . 
an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 
the chteau would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens . 
opens as promising as any war/adventure film you'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled " glory : a soldier's story . " 
a quaint , romanticized rendering . 
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep 'epic . '
indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie . 
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title . thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film . 
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin . 
about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more , houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him . 
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . 
mr . polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival . 
a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other . it's a feature-length adaptation of one of those " can this marriage be saved ? " columns from ladies home journal . . . 
[broomfield] uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue . 
clare peploe's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence . 
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs . 
the film is all a little lit crit 101 , but it's extremely well played and often very funny . 
 . . . has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor  but it's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake- of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity . 
largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers . 
while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer's appetite , the film's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving . 
those who aren't put off by the film's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them . 
nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy . 
report card : doesn't live up to the exalted tagline - there's definite room for improvement . doesn't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) . 
fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense . 
the film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner . 
a film that suffers because of its many excesses . 
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . 
schrader examines crane's decline with unblinking candor . 
the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script . 
a film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities . 
in a strange way , egoyan has done too much . he's worked too hard on this movie . 
este  apenas mais um ( longo ) episdio do programa da mtv . a nica diferena  que , desta vez , a paramount teve o mau gosto de exibi-lo nos cinemas . 
the project's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . 
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you won't care . 
griffiths proves she's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession . 
[carvey's] characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark . 
an original little film about one young woman's education . 
it's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits . if only it had the story to match . 
it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made [eyre's] first film something of a sleeper success . 
rosenthal ( halloween ii ) seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense . 
there are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies . 
there's not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in point pleasant . 
in the end , ted bundy's only justification is the director's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there's no larger point , and little social context . 
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs . sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 
 . . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 
if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze . 
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly " unfilmable " novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . 
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances . 
 . . . less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population's shrugging acceptance to each new horror . 
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame . 
so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is . 
until ( the ) superfluous . . . epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , die another day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any james bond thriller . 
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . 
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . 
they should have called it gutterball . 
drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power . 
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 
sleek and arty . 
lurid and less than lucid work . 
fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way . 
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart . 
gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults . 
it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this . 
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . 
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it's insanely violent and very graphic . 
from spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat , vincent's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of jean renoir . 
for the first time in several years , mr . allen has surpassed himself with the magic he's spun with the hollywood empress of ms . leoni's ellie . 
quietly engaging . 
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising . 
even the imaginative gore can't hide the musty scent of todd farmer's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship . 
britney spears' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction . 
a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili . 
humor in i spy is so anemic . 
the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 
 . . . in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it doesn't disappoint . 
complex , affecting and uniquely almodvar , the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong . 
it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope . 
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening . 
obstacles are too easily overcome and there isn't much in the way of character development in the script . 
dreary , highly annoying . . . 'some body' will appeal to no one . 
kids don't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . 'snow dogs' has both . 
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable . 
as averse as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , this one got to me . 
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon . 
it wraps up a classic mother/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it's not all new , at least it looks pretty . 
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi . 
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since " saving private ryan " have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war . 
[a] stale retread of the '53 original . 
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer . as the mediterranean sparkles , 'swept away' sinks . 
if you've got a house full of tots -- don't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . 
well-made but mush-hearted . 
technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial . 
huppert's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women's augustine . 
'like a child with an important message to tell . . . [skins'] faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
the heat of the moment prevails . it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle . 
i know i shouldn't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old . 
there's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan's prefeminist plight , so we're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity . 
whether you're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you'll still feel something . 
 . . . turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock . 
mckay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together . 
it's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . 
finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less . 
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe . 
the actors don't inhabit their roles -- they're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes . 
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f . kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative . 
hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares . 
though harris is affecting at times , he cannot overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . 
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? there's no good answer to that one . 
washington overcomes the script's flaws and envelops the audience in his character's anguish , anger and frustration . 
mild , meandering teen flick . 
an awkward and indigestible movie . 
renner's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing . 
it might be tempting to regard mr . andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but mr . earnhart's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists . 
 . . . a low rate annie featuring some kid who can't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school . 
cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying . 
a spunky , original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages . 
never once predictable . 
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
wow . i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time . 
formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market . 
the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough . 
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . 
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom . 
 . . . breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . 
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2 , 500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere . 
the only thing " swept away " is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time . 
essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
this warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies , and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics . 
there's no clear picture of who killed bob crane . but here's a glimpse at his life . 
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter . 
 " mr . deeds " is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers . 
i still can't relate to stuart : he's a mouse , for cryin' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough . 
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year . 
all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely . 
an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously . 
what better message than 'love thyself' could young women of any size receive ? 
when the plot kicks in , the film loses credibility . 
at no point during k-19 : the widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot . 
the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . 
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ? into how long is this movie ? 
by the time we learn that andrew's turnabout is fair play is every bit as awful as borchardt's coven , we can enjoy it anyway . 
maybe it's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul " full frontal " seems , well , contrived . 
it's exactly what you'd expect . 
 . . . works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . 
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved . 
while cherish doesn't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem . 
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino's performance . 
less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan . 
depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles . 
elegant and eloquent [meditation] on death and that most elusive of passions , love . 
the overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy , but there's still a real sense that the star trek tradition has been honored as best it can , given the embarrassing script and weak direction . 
a bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist's career . 
the intent is almost exactly the same [as the full monty] . all that's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight . 
more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . 
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie . 
there's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that's what makes it irresistible . 
if this is an example of the type of project that robert redford's lab is willing to lend its imprimatur to , then perhaps it's time to rethink independent films . 
ozpetek joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled . 
as original and insightful as last week's episode of behind the music . 
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world . 
what's surprising about full frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you . 
huppert's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face . 
comes across as a fairly weak retooling . 
a few hours after you've seen it , you forget you've been to the movies . 
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever . he has a great cast and a great idea . but the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work . 
combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched . 
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance . 
in execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , killers from space . 
an amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction . 
instead of contriving a climactic hero's death for the beloved-major- character-who-shall- remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens' laser guns actually hit something for once ? 
'rare birds' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience . 
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken . 
the film is all over the place , really . it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum . 
we want the funk - and this movie's got it . 
manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . 
one of the best , most understated performances of [jack nicholson's] career . 
elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke . if you're looking for a tale of brits behaving badly , watch snatch again . it's 51 times better than this . 
outside of burger's desire to make some kind of film , it's really unclear why this project was undertaken
it's just not very smart . 
instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film's more determined to become the next texas chainsaw massacre . but what about the countless other people who'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul ? 
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications . vulgar is too optimistic a title . 
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation . 
one of those so-so films that could have been much better . 
a slight but sweet film . 
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd . 
chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution . 
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 
another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through . 
harrison's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all . 
best described as i know what you did last winter . 
a smart little indie . 
all this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull . 
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s . 
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination . 
it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller . 
shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme . 
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , isn't much fun without the highs and lows . 
it was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at . 
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you're a struggling nobody . 
the premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in , but the film must have been written . . . in the thrall of a vicious hangover . 
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . 
i'm not a fan of the phrase 'life affirming' because it usually means 'schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming . 
wouldn't it be funny if a bunch of allied soldiers went undercover as women in a german factory during world war ii ? um , no . but here's a movie about it anyway . 
half submarine flick , half ghost story , all in one criminally neglected film
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . 
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie's most admirable quality
 . . . one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages . . . 
sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 . 
rather quickly , the film falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation . 
it's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best 'old neighborhood' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists . 
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of " iris " or " american beauty , " but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films . 
a mess when it comes to the characters and writing . . . but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory . 
it's fitfully funny but never really takes off . 
a life-size reenactment of those jack chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire . 
an almost unbearably morbid love story . 
with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . . 
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it's geared toward an audience full of masters of both . 
undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters . 
a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work . 
expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery . 
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed . 
a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered . 
this is a very fine movie -- go see it . 
there are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film . it's makes a better travelogue than movie . 
while broomfield's film doesn't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . 
good movie . good actress . but if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh , will you be shocked . 
as if drop dead gorgeous wasn't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition . 
the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents . 
thanks to scott's charismatic roger and eisenberg's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men . 
whether it's the worst movie of 2002 , i can't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears . but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title . 
it's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 
transforms one of [shakespeare's] deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy . 
a dreary movie . 
a dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours . . . a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle . 
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones . 
don't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches . . . 
for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their * * * off for an hour-and-a-half . 
it's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? it's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years . 
it's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that's been given the drive of a narrative and that's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work . 
the lousy lead performances . . . keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired . 
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america's winter movie screens it's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative . 
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . by that measure , it is a failure . 
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 
is " ballistic " worth the price of admission ? absolutely not . it sucked . would i see it again ? please see previous answer . 
dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it doesn't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding . 
the movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life . 
a jewish ww ii doc that isn't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience ! who knew . . . 
'how many more voyages can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive ? '
a movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you don't want to be . 
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it can't help but engage an audience . 
a misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment . 
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation . 
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut . 
the problem with concept films is that if the concept is a poor one , there's no saving the movie . sorry , charlie
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash . 
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted . 
too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could've been an impacting film . 
it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that . 
sit through this one , and you won't need a magic watch to stop time ; your dvd player will do it for you . 
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references . 
wes craven's presence is felt ; not the craven of 'a nightmare on elm street' or 'the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of 'deadly friend . '
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots . 
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it . 
as plain and pedestrian as catsup--
considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well . 
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 
de niro and mcdormand give solid performances , but their screen time is sabotaged by the story's inability to create interest . 
the year's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way . 
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment . 
manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state . 
at the very least , if you don't know anything about derrida when you walk into the theater , you won't know much more when you leave . 
it's difficult to say whether the tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing--i'm prepared to call it a draw . 
the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string . we're drawn in by the dark luster . 
[sports] admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency . 
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one . 
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . 
steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate manhattan denizens--especially the a * * holes . 
one of those staggeringly well-produced , joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily . 
the tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable . 
ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow . 
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . 
very predictable but still entertaining
this piece of channel 5 grade trash is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast . 
a small gem from belgium . 
despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story . 
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite . 
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material . 
though it's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans' saga of hollywood excess . 
deserving of its critical backlash and more . 
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . 
this is not one of the movies you'd want to watch if you only had a week to live . 
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome . 
feels like a cold old man going through the motions . 
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture . 
there's some outrageously creative action in the transporter . . . [b]ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . 
even though it's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you can't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company's astonishing growth . 
the movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious . 
writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured . 
to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable . 
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera's attention to detail . 
a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 . 
eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you don't care who fires the winning shot . 
characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license avary employs . 
fontaine's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal . 
it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing . 
the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized . 
this franchise has not spawned a single good film . the crap continues . 
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors . 
wallace seems less like he's been burning to tell a war story than he's been itching to somehow tack one together
gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . 
steve irwin's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume . 
a lifetime movie about men . 
a well-put-together piece of urban satire . 
the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it . 
a captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners . 
it will grip even viewers who aren't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of american society in an unnerving way . 
human nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal . 
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling . 
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 
a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison . 
the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom . 
the tonal shifts are jolting , and though wen's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive . 
eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath . it's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it's only acting . 
if this disposable tissue has one wild card , it's john turturro , who's simply fab as a spanish butler with a foot fetish . 
i didn't laugh . i didn't smile . i survived . 
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness . 
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the " saving private ryan " battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? 
 . . . a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that's likely to irk viewers . 
amazing ! a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing ! 
an unintentionally surreal kid's picture . . . in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode . 
too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped . 
 " nicholas nickleby " is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there's no new " a christmas carol " out in the theaters this year . charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero . 
the good thing -- the only good thing -- about extreme ops is that it's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving to-do list . 
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm . 
myers never knows when to let a gag die ; thus , we're subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another . 
try as you might to resist , if you've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there . 
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere . 
debut effort by " project greenlight " winner is sappy and amateurish . 
scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence . it's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job . 
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing . 
a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship . 
not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hip-hop sorely disappointed . 
nice piece of work . 
i doubt anyone will remember the picture by the time christmas really rolls around , but maybe it'll be on video by then . 
some body will take you places you haven't been , and also places you have . 
while some of the camera work is interesting , the film's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work . 
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability . 
who are 'they' ? well , they're 'they' . they're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . they exist for hushed lines like " they're back ! " , " they're out there ! " and " they're coming ! " 
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead . 
an ambitious 'what if ? ' that works . 
achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium . 
light years/ several warp speeds/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection . which isn't to say that it's the equal of some of its predecessors . 
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 
intimate and panoramic . 
this dubious product of a college-spawned ( colgate u . ) comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips . 
smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong . . . it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera . 
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime . 
the ending does leave you unfulfilled , but these are performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece . 
the re-release of ron howard's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages . 
quando tiros em columbine acerta o alvo ( com o perdo do trocadilho ) , no h como negar o brilhantismo da argumentao de seu diretor . 
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery . for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal . 
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest . 
brian tufano's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special . 
a well-acted , but one-note film . 
while undisputed isn't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes mr . hill higher than he's been in a while . 
the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production's austere locales . 
despite a performance of sustained intelligence from stanford and another of subtle humour from bebe neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich new york intelligentsia - and its off
large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year's radar screen that it's tempting just to go with it for the ride . but this time , the old mib label stands for milder isn't better . 
alternately frustrating and rewarding . 
oh , james ! your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna's cameo doesn't suck ! 
its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent dumas botch-jobs , the man in the iron mask and the musketeer . 
a giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of oscar-winners : susan sarandon and goldie hawn . 
it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story . 
though nijinsky's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature . 
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones . 
on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there . 
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada . 
yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit . 
it's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth . 
the movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it . 
white hasn't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . 
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice . 
there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects . 
a masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview . 
 . . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause . 
a deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish . 
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist . 
significantly better than its 2002 children's-movie competition . 
gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested . 
though catch me if you can isn't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie . 
 . . . rogers's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle . 
it's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects . 
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick . 
imagine if you will a tony hawk skating video interspliced with footage from behind enemy lines and set to jersey shore techno . 
it's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just can't take it any more . 
thoughtful , provocative and entertaining . 
serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour . 
like all of egoyan's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . 
wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli . . . ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up . 
the wanton slipperiness of * corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art . 
all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence . 
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery . 
human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it's haunting . it's like a poem . 
goes on and on to the point of nausea . 
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory . 
a hip ride into hyper-time , clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time . 
like mike doesn't win any points for originality . it does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism . 
the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side . 
paid in full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from brian de palma's scarface . that's a cheat . 
the film's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments . 
deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . 
the film can depress you about life itself . 
the film's real appeal won't be to clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers . 
it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i can't wait for the sequel . 
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story . 
a true-blue delight . 
equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama . 
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort . 
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick . 
it's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it's implosion rather than explosion you fear . 
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film's characters . 
it's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible . 
the stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt . 
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro's right-hand goombah . 
chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum . 
broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force . 
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point . . . is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable . 
if only merchant paid more attention the story . 
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out . 
a fun family movie that's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , 'it's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
soul is what's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself . 
there are just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory . 
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls . 
matches neorealism's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives . 
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . 
the stories here suffer from the chosen format . 
this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked . 
the movie , directed by mick jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting . 
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done . but , for that , why not watch a documentary ? 
it's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie . 
leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago . 
a gimmick in search of a movie : how to get carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned . 
has its share of arresting images . 
this film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience . 
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama . 
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say . 
ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you're up for that sort of thing . 
a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original . 
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan's gifts , which are such that we'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 
 . . . " bowling for columbine " remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film . . . 
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action . 
what's missing is what we call the 'wow' factor . 
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life . 
this version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire . 
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care . 
at a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form's history . 
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality . 
it's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue . 
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains . 
[director peter] jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of tolkien's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you're a fan of the books or not . 
you live the mood rather than savour the story . 
an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . 
[a] thoughtful , visually graceful work . 
behind the snow games and lovable siberian huskies ( plus one sheep dog ) , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart . 
just how extreme are these ops ? i regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough . 
frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music . 
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite . 
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd . 
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . 
a pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film . 
charlize chases kevin with a gun . courtney chases stuart with a cell phone . the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing . 
you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , 'this is going to be something really good . ' and it is . 
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it's hard not to be carried away . 
the lower your expectations , the more you'll enjoy it . 
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special . 
a marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption . 
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 
 . . . does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought . 
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust . 
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . 
each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature , but in its current incarnation , storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception . 
it's as if you're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker . 
its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure . 
nothing about it fits . 
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous . . . that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . 
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff . 
the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready . 
the determination of pinochet's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop . 
it's just plain boring . 
chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama . 
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role . 
what's not to like about a movie with a 'children's' song that includes the line 'my stepdad's not mean , he's just adjusting' ? 
the movie is obviously a labour of love so howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted . 
the movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting . 
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough . 
a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special . 
for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout . 
yet another iteration of what's become one of the movies' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally " superior " friends , family . . . 
 " looking for leonard " just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something . 
go , girls , right down the reality drain . 
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . 
a clichd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men . 
a free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments . 
if it's seldom boring , well , it's also rarely coherent . 
sweetly sexy , funny and touching . 
has its charming quirks and its dull spots . 
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery . 
solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike . 
while there's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying 'get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer
 . . . hits every cliche we've come to expect , including the assumption that " crazy " people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny . 
munch's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters . he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . his scenes are short and often unexpected . 
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies . 
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise . 
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion . 
if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790's , one imagines the result would look like something like this . 
this film was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions . 
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away . 
mr . tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and what time is it there ? should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor . 
the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts . 
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all ) will have fun with . 
gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet's mouth . 
producer john penotti surveyed high school students . . . and came back with the astonishing revelation that " they wanted to see something that didn't talk down to them . " ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
helmer devito . . . attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids' tv and revenge . 
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard . . . and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels . 
the latest installment in the pokemon canon , pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peace . 
'moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
here's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix . 
fluffy and disposible . 
credit must be given to harland williams , michael rosenbaum and barry watson , who inject far more good-natured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves
a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides . 
it's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you're more than six years old . 
the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . 
 . . . hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves . 
awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over . 
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . 
a frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , bartleby performs neither one very well . 
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son . 
a highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . . it's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick . 
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises . 
this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things . 
there's a solid woman- finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it . 
a brutal and funny work . nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy doesn't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully . 
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph . 
despite a powerful portrayal by binoche , it's a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum . 
a three-hour cinema master class . 
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter 'uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie . 
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots . 
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life . 
[a] rare , beautiful film . 
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film . 
one of recent memory's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise . 
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun . but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . 
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . 
the result is more depressing than liberating , but it's never boring . 
sturdy , entertaining period drama . . . both caine and fraser have their moments . 
a harmless and mildly amusing family comedy . 
cold , nervy and memorable . 
too often , son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained " big moment " will occur and not " if . " 
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics . 
in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 
the film doesn't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia . 
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . 
the thing about guys like evans is this : you're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins . but as you watch the movie , you're too interested to care . 
mcconaughey's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script . 
strictly a 'guy's film' in the worst sense of the expression . 
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . 
aggravating and tedious . 
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message . 
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why . 
a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere . 
works because reno doesn't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience . 
it may not be history  but then again , what if it is ?  but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i've had in a while . 
the movie's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension . 
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is . 
this version moves beyond the original's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema's inability to stand in for true , lived experience . 
the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways . 
the plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness . 
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers . 
though it draws several decent laughs , it's low-cal woody at best . 
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring . 
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity . 
although what time offers tsai's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films . 
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people . 
sensitive though not quite revelatory documentary . 
it's [ricci's] best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world's misery with blind good will . 
often silly  and gross  but it's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films . 
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time . 
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had . 
every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol . 
sparse but oddly compelling . 
one of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way . 
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 
 . . . a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone . 
while locals will get a kick out of spotting cleveland sites , the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning coen brothers envious . 
in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995's forget paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen . 
 . . . too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film . 
a carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling--but unquestionably alive . 
genuinely touching because it's realistic about all kinds of love . 
adolescents will be adequately served by the movie's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a 'topless tutorial service . '
miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness . 
the audacity to view one of shakespeare's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion . 
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one . 
the year's greatest adventure , and jackson's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate . 
a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty . 
with 'bowling for columbine , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . 
tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother . 
what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters . 
lookin' for sin , american-style ? try hell house , which documents the cautionary christian spook-a-rama of the same name . 
jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder . 
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer . 
it's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller . 
it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up . 
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot . 
the creaking , rusty ship makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts' haunting is routine . 
while not quite " shrek " or monsters , inc . " , it's not too bad . it's worth taking the kids to . 
stands as one of the year's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 
reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish . 
if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary . . . 
douglas mcgrath's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically . 
there are some laughs in this movie , but williams' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak . 
shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life . 
hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian . 
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism . 
moretti . . . is the rare common-man artist who's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . 
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged . 
the salton sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety . 
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action . 
wise and deadpan humorous . 
comedy troupe broken lizard's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot . 
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh's book trainspotting . 
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history . 
while it's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences . 
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic . 
against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine . 
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory . 
reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and ryoko hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that . 
absurdities and clichs accumulate like lint in a fat man's navel . 
cannon's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film's saving graces . 
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes . 
a disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by philip glass . 
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of . 
it's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . 
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . 
it's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth . 
the picture doesn't know it's a comedy . 
throughout , mr . audiard's direction is fluid and quick . 
sem se preocupar em criar momentos melodramticos para arrancar lgrimas do espectador , o pianista  um filme triste sem que , para isso , precise ser emocionante . 
paxton's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre . 
 . . . with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 
 . . . perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world . 
originality is sorely lacking . 
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life . 
serving sara doesn't serve up a whole lot of laughs . 
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script . 
in its own floundering way , it gets to you . just like igby . 
this is not a jackie chan movie . it's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it . and that makes all the difference . 
there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract . 
the story really has no place to go since simone is not realshe can't provide any conflict . 
 . . . salaciously simplistic . 
 . . . a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet . 
bland but harmless . 
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . 
if the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of 'there but for the grace of god , ' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world . 
it is far from the worst , thanks to the topical issues it raises , the performances of stewart and hardy , and that essential feature -- a decent full-on space battle . 
it's a film that's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio's animated classics . 
a well acted and well intentioned snoozer . 
[evans is] a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . 
hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic . 
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who couldn't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron . 
 . . . you can be forgiven for realizing that you've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie's political ramifications . 
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it's an unhappy situation all around . 
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol . 
slight but enjoyable documentary . 
can't seem to get anywhere near the story's center . 
[garbus] discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation . 
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies . 
mostly , [goldbacher] just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human . 
 . . . ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters' crises with seriousness and compassion . 
if it tried to do anything more , it would fail and perhaps explode , but at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right . 
rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film's short 90 minutes . 
 " white oleander , " the movie , is akin to a reader's digest condensed version of the source material . 
the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals . it's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after . 
as an actor , the rock is aptly named . 
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you're sure to get more out of the latter experience . 
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible . 
the story itself is actually quite vapid . 
time changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
a hysterical yet humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face . 
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending . 
with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap . 
offers an unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole thing works . 
watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it . 
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating . 
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . 
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and doesn't pummel us with phony imagery or music . 
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i'm all for that . 
the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay . 
it's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly won't win any honors . 
one of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating . 
mr . clooney , mr . kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster . 
the film seems a dead weight . the lack of pace kills it , although , in a movie about cancer , this might be apt . 
it is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs . 
there's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache . 
earns its laughs from stock redneck 'types' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing . 
it's soulful and unslick , and that's apparently just what [aniston] has always needed to grow into a movie career . 
 . . . post-september 11 , " the sum of all fears " seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves . 
 . . . begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot . 
 . . . enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games . 
bart and berling are both superb , while huppert . . . is magnificent . 
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid . 
a thinly veiled look at different aspects of chinese life clashing with each other . 
enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age . 
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view . 
brosnan is more feral in this film than i've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him . 
if this movie belonged to a sorority , it would be called beta alpha delta . 
a preposterous , prurient whodunit . 
here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha . 
snow dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
it's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up . the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence . 
even if you don't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . 
adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized . but what are adults doing in the theater at all ? 
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 
it's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more . 
though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention . 
sean penn , you owe nicolas cage an apology . 
has a solid emotional impact . 
murder by numbers' isn't a great movie , but it's a perfectly acceptable widget . 
plays like john le carr with a couple of burnt-out cylinders . 
'god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause . 
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating . 
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . it can't escape its past , and it doesn't want to . 
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a 'very sneaky' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts
russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers's title-bout features . 
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here's betting her third feature will be something to behold . 
it celebrates the group's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his 'angels of light . '
cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark's dogma movement . 
the only entertainment you'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles  several of them . 
madonna still can't act a lick . 
lovely and amazing is holofcener's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you . 
works because , for the most part , it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren . 
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire . 
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . that's why sex and lucia is so alluring . 
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it . 
the movie plays up the cartoon's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength . 
simply a re-hash of the other seven films . 
i liked this film a lot . . . 
uzumaki's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse . . . 
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful . mr . koshashvili is a director to watch . 
intriguing and downright intoxicating . 
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 
it's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . you could put it on a coffee table anywhere . 
trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son . 
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix . 
it's absolutely spooky how lillard channels the shagster right down to the original casey kasem-furnished voice . 
there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion . 
the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today's hollywood . 
the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death . 
this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever . 
for the most part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together . 
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose . 
ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and joan's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he's a disloyal satyr . 
never does " lilo & stitch " reach the emotion or timelessness of disney's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as " mulan " or " tarzan . " 
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $8 and get ready for the big shear . this is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 
if borstal boy isn't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece . 
the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges . 
martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid . 
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every clich of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage . 
norton is magnetic as graham . 
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film . 
will only satisfy those who can't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly . 
leigh's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other . 
the leanest and meanest of solondz's misanthropic comedies . 
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director's previous popcorn work . 
 . . . although this idea is " new " the results are tired . 
there is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them . 
a compelling journey . . . and " his best friend remembers " is up there with the finest of specials . 
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera . 
director nalin pan doesn't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other . he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works . no question . 
 " not really as bad as you might think ! " 
smarter than its commercials make it seem . 
a crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss . 
not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it . 
this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic . 
a didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy . 
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life . 
this is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous . 
sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out . 
sayles . . . once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . 
a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem . 
an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots . 
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect . 
this would-be 'james bond for the extreme generation' pic is one big , dumb action movie . stress 'dumb . '
there are as many misses as hits , but ultimately , it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior , and it's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises . 
too often , the viewer isn't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance . 
it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage . 
i prefer soderbergh's concentration on his two lovers over tarkovsky's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies . 
while surprisingly sincere , this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing . 
starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichs . 
less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 . 
oddly , the film isn't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . 
a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors . 
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 
4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink - it's the ultimate redneck road-trip . 
if it's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch . 
land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored . 
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . 
it's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling . 
the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you'll read anywhere . 
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here . 
as crimes go , writer-director michael kalesniko's how to kill your neighbor's dog is slight but unendurable . 
it's the type of film about growing up that we don't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least . 
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters . 
 . . . a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . . 
for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero . 
just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time . 
every joke is repeated at least four times . every joke is repeated at least four times . every joke is repeated at least--annoying , isn't it ? 
noyce has worked wonders with the material . 
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception . 
it's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm's shelf . 
murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie -of-the-week films clumsily stuck together . 
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem . 
about as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life . 
i'll go out on a limb . it isn't quite one of the worst movies of the year . it's just merely very bad . 
a riveting story well told . 
there's something deeply creepy about never again , a new arrow in schaeffer's quiver of ineptitudes . 
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa . 
a taut , intelligent psychological drama . 
the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder . 
the pacing is glacial , the screenplay is stiff as a board , and things heat up only in the movie's final scenes . 
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed . 
though it never rises to its full potential as a film , still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed . 
the bourne identity shouldn't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood . 
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life . 
it's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the american people to see what a candidate is like when he's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech . 
too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle's carpets . 
the movie is as padded as allen's jelly belly . 
it's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads . it's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process . 
the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect . the characters never change . 
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo . 
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point . 
the documentary does little , apart from raising the topic , to further stoke the conversation . 
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here . 
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 
staggeringly dreadful romance . 
shreve's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera . 
i've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie . 
you're better off staying home and watching the x-files . 
 . . . bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film . 
it turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting . 
velocity represents everything wrong with ''independent film'' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene . 
it's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish . 
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . 
not every animated film from disney will become a classic , but forgive me if i've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school " cartoon " . 
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ? when the twist endings were actually surprising ? when the violence actually shocked ? when the heroes were actually under 40 ? sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago . 
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that didn't sell many records but helped change a nation . 
at a brief 42 minutes , we need more x and less blab . 
an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding . 
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family . 
the whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit . 
the irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted . 
as an introduction to the man's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it's invaluable . 
you'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy . 
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting . 
the stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for euro-film pretension . 
tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 . 
by the final whistle you're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just doesn't have big screen magic . 
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 
[at least] moore is a real charmer . 
dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit
a film that loses sight of its own story . 
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year . 
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . 
wait for pay per view or rental but don't dismiss barbershop out of hand . 
the film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film . 
a " home alone " film that is staged like " rosemary's baby , " but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . 
this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . 
much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie . 
birot's directorial debut ( she co-wrote the script with christophe honor ) isn't so much bad as it is bland . 
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 
it's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe . . . but it's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . 
the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments . 
a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term . 
the movie addresses a hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it doesn't go too much further . 
well before it's over , beijing bicycle begins spinning its wheels . 
ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem . 
[sam's] self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining . 
tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure . 
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 
this dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old hollywood saw : evil is interesting and good is boring . 
a negligible british comedy . 
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . 
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive . 
rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid . . . 
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . 
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that doesn't always jell with sean penn's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it . 
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit . 
none of this violates the letter of behan's book , but missing is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor . 
most new movies have a bright sheen . some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn . . . looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future . 
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia . 
the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music . there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting . 
fans of plympton's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers . 
ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . ignore the reputation , and ignore the film . 
it's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today . 
a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material . 
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing . 
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity . 
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 
with its hints of a greater intelligence lurking somewhere , the ring makes its stupidity more than obvious . it's painful . 
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself . she's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but doesn't reveal an inner life . 
circuit queens won't learn a thing , they'll be too busy cursing the film's strategically placed white sheets . 
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience . 
stay away . far away . 
not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined tv amiability that allen personifies . 
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) served jews who escaped the holocaust . 
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women . 
the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey . 
elvira fans could hardly ask for more . 
trapped won't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness . 
to my taste , the film's comic characters come perilously close to being amoses and andys for a new generation . 
even legends like alfred hitchcock and john huston occasionally directed trifles . . . so it's no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like zhang yimou behind the camera for a yarn that's ultimately rather inconsequential . 
the movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense . 
as a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places being pushed and pulled ( literally and figuratively ) by desire . . . [sex and luca] makes for an arousing good time . 
jonah is only so-so . . . the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it . 
it may be an easy swipe to take , but this barbershop just doesn't make the cut . 
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . maybe there's a metaphor here , but figuring it out wouldn't make trouble every day any better . 
bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences . 
it's a bittersweet and lyrical mix of elements . 
there's no denying the elaborateness of the artist's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity . 
this may be burns's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen . 
a mixed bag of a comedy that can't really be described as out of this world . 
all ms . jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters . 
has a plot full of twists upon knots . . . and a nonstop parade of mock-tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill . 
tells ( the story ) with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot's persnickety problems is simply a matter of ( being ) in a shrugging mood . 
sits uneasily as a horror picture . . . but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family . 
it's a fanboy 'what if ? ' brought to life on the big screen . 
like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . 
it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg's film is that it truly is romance
the film is flat . 
so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney won't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . 
morrissette's script and direction show a fair amount of intelligence and wit -- but it doesn't signify a whole lot either . 
hey , happy ! is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it's a love story as sanguine as its title . 
it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times . 
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy . 
the performances are remarkable . 
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isn't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 
some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent . 
an infuriating film . just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense . 
got a david lynch jones ? then you'd do well to check this one out because it's straight up twin peaks action . . . 
meanders between its powerful moments . 
harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment . 
its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it's too slowly paced to be a thriller . [but it's] worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by michael caine and brendan fraser . 
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi . 
gets better after foster leaves that little room . 
evelyn's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn . 
this is so de palma . if you love him , you'll like it . if you don't . . . well , skip to another review . 
apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . 
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . only masochistic moviegoers need apply . 
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes . 
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions . 
'men in black ii creates a new threat for the mib , but recycles the same premise . 
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it's a spirited film and a must-see . 
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play . 
a . . . cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers . 
all's well that ends well , and rest assured , the consciousness-raising lessons are cloaked in gross-out gags . 
can be classified as one of those 'alternate reality' movies . . . except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality . 
the furious coherence that [deniro] brings to this part only underscores the fuzzy sentimentality of the movie itself , which feels , as it plods toward the end , less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing . 
[breheny's] lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people . 
as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them . 
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness . 
macdowell , whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter affairs . . . brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role . 
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him . big time . 
stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of ghost and close encounters of the third kind . 
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy . 
a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original . this is a story of two misfits who don't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent . 
the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . the extent to which it succeeds is impressive . 
the overall effect is less like a children's movie than a recruitment film for future hollywood sellouts . 
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity . 
the casting of raymond j . barry as the 'assassin' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger's impressive fake documentary . 
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration . 
oscar wilde's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century . it's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker's movie adaptation . 
i don't even care that there's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff . it's still terrible ! 
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal . 
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time . 
a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world . 
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst . 
 " the dangerous lives of altar boys " has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
this enthralling documentary . . . is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends . 
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy . 
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that's giving it the old college try . 
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ? 
scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism . 
a collage of clichs and a dim echo of allusions to other films . 
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show . 
the movie's seams may show . . . but pellington gives " mothman " an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling . 
worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance . 
you're not merely watching history , you're engulfed by it . 
charles' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams' attempts to get his shot at the big time . 
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie . 
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent . 
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through . 
walsh can't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in janice's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm . 
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you're on the edge of your seat . 
the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head . 
don't hate el crimen del padre amaro because it's anti-catholic . hate it because it's lousy . 
even if you feel like you've seen this movie a thousand times before , it is kind of enjoyable thanks mainly to belushi's easy-going likableness . 
cho's fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience . her delivery and timing are flawless . 
macdowell . . . gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she's ever done . 
majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places . 
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film . 
there's something about a marching band that gets me where i live . 
a trite psychological thriller designed to keep the audience guessing and guessing -- which is not to be confused with suspecting -- until it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home . 
the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t . 
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot . 
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time . 
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation . 
a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love . 
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there's very little hustling on view . 
the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan's madness . 
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast . 
 . . . plays like somebody spliced random moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller . 
after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . 
 a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we're all in this together . 
even with all its botches , enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . 
a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores . 
 . . . plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family . 
star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy . 
there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through . 
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay . 
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression . 
although very much like the first movie based on j . k . rowling's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude . 
spider-man is in the same category as x-men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around . 
the film's lack of personality permeates all its aspects  from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed . 
as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience . 
' . . . despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . 
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time . 
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . 
as 'chick flicks' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting . 
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre . 
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time . feel free to go get popcorn whenever he's not onscreen . 
it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists . 
features fincher's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity . 
 it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes . 
the movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there's just not much lurking below its abstract surface . 
fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique . 
it shares the first two films' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between . 
unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes . 
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc . -- to do the subject matter justice . 
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it's not half-bad . 
it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic . 
in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in . 
 . . . the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity . 
as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad . 
fierce , glaring and unforgettable . 
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture . 
robinson's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . 
i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno . 
 . . . ( like ) channel surfing between the discovery channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie . 
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart . 
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell . 
sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 
it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt . 
dazzling and sugar-sweet , a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver . 
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ? 
a movie that harps on media-constructed 'issues' like whether compromise is the death of self this orgasm [won't be an] exceedingly memorable one for most people . 
escaping the studio , piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie . 
 . . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . 
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia . 
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest . 
jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability . 
it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 
peralta's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight . 
those who love cinema paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved . 
this is a good movie in spurts , but when it doesn't work , it's at important times . 
a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you've actually spent time living in another community . 
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . 
based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness . 
an unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage . 
it's mostly a pleasure to watch . and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence . 
a sentimental mess that never rings true . 
what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian . 
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . half past dead is just such an achievement . 
is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilco's last album ? 
[lee] treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception . 
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men . 
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip . 
it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others . 
any film that doesn't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . 
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing . 
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion . 
if you're not into the pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years won't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open . but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi . 
has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick . 
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn . 
under 15 ? a giggle a minute . over age 15 ? big fat waste of time . 
nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget . 
an engaging overview of johnson's eccentric career . 
ms sarcstica , divertida y demencial que su predecesora , es un buen ejemplo de lo que es el cine de entretenimiento puro y sin complejos . 
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man's dying fall . 
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading . 
fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn . 
if a few good men told us that we " can't handle the truth " than high crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we " don't care about the truth . " 
well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special . 
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 
i love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off . 
a very pretty after-school special . it's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it . 
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement . 
a minor picture with a major identity crisis -- it's sort of true and it's sort of bogus and it's ho-hum all the way through . 
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake . 
couldn't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ? 
tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth . 
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds . it doesn't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain . 
vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop . 
evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet's " house of games " and last fall's " heist " so much fun . 
despite impeccable acting . . . and a script that takes some rather unexpected ( even , at times , preposterous ) turns , love is just too , too precious in the end . 
spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects . he just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality . here , thankfully , they are . 
a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine . 
i hated every minute of it . 
a guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it . 
began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one , of course . 
it's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart . 
symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . 
piercingly affecting . . . while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying . 
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining . 
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity . 
the charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginning to wear a bit thin . 
the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . 
it's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout . 
 . . . a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking . 
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china . 
malcolm mcdowell is cool . paul bettany is cool . paul bettany playing malcolm mcdowell ? cool . 
not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans . 
craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . 
nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition . 
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids . 
suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum . punish the vehicle to adore the star . 
it's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it's one of the worst of the entire franchise . 
gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up . 
it's as sorry a mess as its director's diabolical debut , mad cows . 
george , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please . 
there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2--quite a rarity , even in the family film market . eventually , it wins you over . 
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking . 
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life . 
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story doesn't have a single surprise up its sleeve . but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell . 
what is 100% missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting . 
has it ever been possible to say that williams has truly inhabited a character ? it is now . 
scarlet diva has a voyeuristic tug , but all in all it's a lot less sensational than it wants to be . 
do not see this film . 
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 
only a few minutes elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives , still with the boiler suit and white mask , which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry . 
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . 
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic . 
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad . 
if this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards , more power to it . 
a meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the " a " range , as is , it's a very very strong " b+ . " i love the robust middle of this picture . 
one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history . 
an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . it's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views . 
provides an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of todd solondz . 
a very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction . 
punitively affirmational parable . 
it's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen . 
'compleja e intelectualmente retadora , el ladrn de orqudeas es uno de esos filmes que vale la pena ver precisamente por su originalidad . '
instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone . 
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy . 
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day . 
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground . 
unofficially , national lampoon's van wilder is son of animal house . officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny . 
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control . 
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness . 
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 
 . . . another example of how sandler is losing his touch . 
confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 
a poignant and compelling story about relationships , food of love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart . 
all mood and no movie . 
the dangerous lives of altar boys' take on adolescence feels painfully true . 
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who can't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another . 
the film's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency . it's just filler . 
spiderman rocks
good-naturedly cornball sequel . 
if somebody was bored and . . . decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus' son , they'd come up with something like bart freundlich's world traveler . 
a map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a master's steady stroke . 
leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . 
if this story must be told and retold -- and indeed it must -- then the grey zone is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle . 
maybe leblanc thought , " hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . " 
assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong's versatile stanley kwan . 
though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous . 
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . it really is a shame that more won't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet 'evelyn . '
pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . what results is the best performance from either in years . 
adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design . 
before long , the film starts playing like general hospital crossed with a saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon . 
it's super- violent , super-serious and super-stupid . 
could the country bears really be as bad as its trailers ? in a word -- yes . 
children of the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers . 
anemic chronicle of money grubbing new yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups . 
pretty good little movie . 
sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who doesn't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb . 
as pedestrian as they come . 
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden . . . if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 
the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in . 
the film is insightful about kissinger's background and history . 
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour . 
dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy . 
it's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth . 
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt . 
what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music . 
a mess , but it's a sincere mess . 
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . 
there is no denying the power of polanski's film . . . 
confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis . acting cannot be acted . 
there seems to be no clear path as to where the story's going , or how long it's going to take to get there . 
an effectively creepy , fear-inducing ( not fear-reducing ) film from japanese director hideo nakata , who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it . 
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart . 
it's really just another silly hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows . 
an often unfunny romp . 
the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects . 
dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean . 
good , solid storytelling . 
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he can't disguise that he's spiffing up leftovers that aren't so substantial or fresh . 
son of the bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness . 
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and clich . 
movie fans , get ready to take off . . . the other direction . 
christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr . feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic . 
savvy director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense . 
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay . 
it's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb . 
it's one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental . 
a turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull . 
aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production doesn't work for me . 
we know the plot's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish . 
blue crush is as predictable as the tides . . . . the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . 
just like hearst's enormous yacht , it's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination . 
beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama . 
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs . sever , were made for the palm screen . 
supposedly , pokemon can't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over . 
national lampoon's van wilder may aim to be the next animal house , but it more closely resembles this year's version of tomcats . 
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as [jason bourne] . 
spy-vs . -spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together . 
ray liotta and jason patric do some of their best work in their underwritten roles , but don't be fooled : nobody deserves any prizes here . 
i wonder what the reaction of israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation . 
heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension . 
 . . . only bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction . 
it is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied . 
the invincible werner herzog is alive and well and living in la
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer . 
the lady and the duke is eric rohmer's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family . 
aside from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd , there's little to be learned from watching 'comedian'
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world . 
consider the title's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept . 
is it a total success ? no . is it something any true film addict will want to check out ? you bet . 
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 
[ " safe conduct " ] is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage . viva le resistance ! 
this is the first film i've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved . 
 . . . hypnotically dull . 
the tale of tok ( andy lau ) , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o ( takashi sorimachi ) , the most legendary of asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold . 
whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema's master craftsmen . 
to say this was done better in wilder's some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east . 
a sports movie with action that's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it . 
it's so good that you can practically see the hollywood 'suits' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too -inevitable american remake . 
little more than a well-mounted history lesson . 
by the end of no such thing the audience , like beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster . 
what's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children . 
plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story . 
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms . 
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . 
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond . 
it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare . 
it doesn't help that the director and cinematographer stephen kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel . 
blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time . 
message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ? alas , it's neither . 
while you have to admit it's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out " when you're a jet , you're a jet all the way , " it's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to " tonight . " 
whenever its story isn't bogged down by idiocy involving the cia and a lost u . s . satellite , hunter -- starring irwin and his american wife/colleague , terri -- is a movie children should enjoy . 
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham . 
it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush . 
[davis] has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race . 
the master of disguise falls under the category of 'should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '
in the end , there isn't much to it . 
 " punch-drunk love " is a little like a chocolate milk moustache . . . 
a whole lot foul , freaky and funny . 
writhing under dialogue like 'you're from two different worlds' and 'tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability . 
a charming but slight comedy . 
it's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides . 
one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video work . 
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling . 
oscar caliber cast doesn't live up to material
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte's web of desire and desperation . 
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire . 
lacks dramatic punch and depth . 
possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio . 
 . . . tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry . 
while [roman coppola] scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story . 
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single . 
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy . 
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place . 
the movie's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast . 
ms . fulford-wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating lolita turn . 
the movie's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish . 
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy . 
this film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers . for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer's two hours amounts to little more than punishment . 
it's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long . 
some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations . 
as a witness to several greek-american weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none -- i can testify to the comparative accuracy of ms . vardalos' memories and insights . 
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it's still a rollicking good time for the most part . 
this may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer's coming-of-age . 
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record . 
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . 
generally provides its target audience of youngsters enough stimulating eye and ear candy to make its moral medicine go down . 
ms . hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda's ultimate fate . 
the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second . 
it's a charming and often affecting journey . 
even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller's hand often feels unsure . 
just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people . but it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit . 
 . . . a light , yet engrossing piece . lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject  taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history . 
you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they're each interesting . the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll . 
all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal can't disguise the fact that , really , we've been here , done that . 
you don't have to know about music to appreciate the film's easygoing blend of comedy and romance . 
ultimately , jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with . 
it's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all . 
[a] crushing disappointment . 
it's been 20 years since 48 hrs . made eddie murphy a movie star and the man hasn't aged a day . but his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old . 
writer/director alexander payne ( election ) and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing . 
[leigh] has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable . 
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought . 
[allen's] best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be . 
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus . if only there were one for this kind of movie . 
neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm . 
possibly not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another . 
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . 
first and foremost . . . the reason to go see " blue crush " is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . 
although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing . 
entertains by providing good , lively company . 
this cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap . 
has a long and clunky ending . . . which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience's awkward silence
almost as offensive as " freddy got fingered . " 
a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers . 
the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans . 
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . 
it's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction . 
whatever complaints i might have , i'd take [its] earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor's club any time . 
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it's hard to like a film so cold and dead . 
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness . 
we have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting . 
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem . 
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 
the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are . 
 . . . a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life's endgame . 
it's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter . 
 . . . too dull to enjoy . 
working from elliott's memoir , rohmer fashions the sort of delicate , articulate character- and- relationship study he's favored for decades . 
you've already seen heartbreak if you've watched the far superior nurse betty or sunset boulevard . even the unwatchable soapdish is more original . 
it's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who can't come up with legitimate funny , and it's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed . 
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement . 
eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but even a hero can stumble sometimes . 
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor . 
yeah , these flicks are just that damn good . isn't it great ? 
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old's suicidal poetry . 
moretti's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss . 
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts . 
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing . 
lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist . 
the wwii drama is well plotted , visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear . 
as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . 
seems like someone going through the motions . 
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade . and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him . 
a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick . 
a morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-tv look , rigid performances and an asinine 'twist' that brazenly rips off the sixth sense . 
its direction , its script , and weaver's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that's what you're in the mood for . 
so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter's the thing and loaded with actors you're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat . 
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted . 
there's an admirable rigor to jimmy's relentless anger , and to the script's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there's no place for this story to go but down . 
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard . 
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . 
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they'll get plenty ) fills me with revulsion . 
the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him . 
i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! 
like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive . 
godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence . 
this film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities . 
the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did . 
what is captured during the conceptual process doesn't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , the selection , became in its final form . 
the people in abc africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras . 
what's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class . 
it's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history . 
a predictable , manipulative stinker . the story passes time until it's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge . 
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . 
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ? i don't think so . nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me . 
dismally dull sci-fi comedy . 
overly long and worshipful bio-doc . 
i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes . 
there's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout . 
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance . . . 
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role . 
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming . 
a compendium of solondz's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes . 
the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 
a witty , whimsical feature debut . 
this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone's career . 
almost gags on its own gore . 
no number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story . 
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare . 
edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any mtv puffery . 
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded . 
it's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period . 
the film didn't convince me that calvin jr . 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago's south side . 
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies . . . footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . 
the animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet return to neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief . 
verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills . 
nair just doesn't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy . 
sure , it's more of the same , but as the film proves , that's not always a bad thing . 
a good piece of work more often than not . 
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic . 
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target . 
this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
at its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood . 
it's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form . 
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney's cutoffs . 
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap . 
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency . 
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there's no time to think about them anyway . 
a family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise . 
it plays like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness . 
there's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes . 
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
in the director's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes . 
a beautiful paean to a time long past . 
every note rings false . 
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies . 
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone . 
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic . 
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see . 
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . it's a masterpeice . 
horrible
flat , but with a revelatory performance by michelle williams . 
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere . 
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . 
if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil . 
that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend . 
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view . 
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too . 
the situations and jokes are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels . 
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience
a feeble tootsie knockoff . 
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny . 
don't even bother to rent this on video . 
one long string of cliches . 
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge . 
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 
half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder . . . would be more at home on a daytime television serial . 
with the film's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved . 
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here . 
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie . 
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 
while this has the making of melodrama , the filmmaker cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that's more interested in asking questions than in answering them . 
so brisk is wang's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe . 
halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 
ms . seigner and mr . serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters . 
examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as wiseman's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers . 
the characters are based on stock clichs , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility . 
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted . 
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 
 " red dragon " is entertaining . an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ? but it is entertaining on an inferior level . it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . 
this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance . 
watching e . t now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision . 
visits spy-movie territory like a novel you can't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last . 
one of the worst movies of the year . . . . watching it was painful . 
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers . 
it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame . 
an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal . 
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved . 
the film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity . 
another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it . 
thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking . now it's just tired . 
 . . . a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i can't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here . 
gives everyone something to shout about . 
she's not yet an actress , not quite a singer . . . 
it's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns . 
poetic , heartbreaking . 
the entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what's available is lovely and lovable . 
a cop story that understands the medium amazingly well . 
there are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them . 
there's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it . 
 . . . a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year . 
return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages . 
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship . 
i'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i don't see the point . it's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed . 
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs . woo , it looks like woo's a p . o . w . 
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . 
[creates] the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama . 
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched . 
this slight premise . . . works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon . 
despite apparent motives to the contrary , it ends up being , like [seinfeld's] revered tv show , about pretty much nothing . 
the story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that's even less plausible than the rest of the picture . much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride . 
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity . 
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral . 
obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of hey arnold ! the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic . 
dramatically lackluster . 
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting . there are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills . 
director benoit jacquot , making his first opera-to-film translation with tosca , conveys the heaving passion of puccini's famous love-jealousy- murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation . 
you needn't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes' work . though haynes' style apes films from the period . . . its message is not rooted in that decade . 
it seems grant doesn't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all . 
the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims . 
glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism . 
the film is exhilarating to watch because sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor . 
strip it of all its excess debris , and you'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . as it is , it's too long and unfocused . 
for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . 
although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 
it dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile . 
the film is darkly atmospheric , with herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath hearst's forced avuncular chortles . 
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 
a long-winded , predictable scenario . 
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film's impressive performances and adept direction aren't likely to leave a lasting impression . 
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad . 
maneuvers skillfully through the plot's hot brine -- until it's undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors . 
i can easily imagine benigni's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . coal isn't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children's stockings . 
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood . 
disturbing and brilliant documentary . 
it is ridiculous , of course . . . but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness . 
far more enjoyable than its predecessor . 
a direct-to-void release , heading nowhere . 
 is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri . i had to look away - this was god awful . 
hey arnold ! is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation . still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett's story is appealing . 
it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture . 
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap . 
 . . . a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture . 
a coda in every sense , the pinochet case splits time between a minute-by-minute account of the british court's extradition chess game and the regime's talking-head survivors . 
i don't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version . but i do . 
a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration . 
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change . but it still jingles in the pocket . it's fun lite . 
[ " take care of my cat " ] is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals . 
will anyone who isn't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it hasn't gone straight to video ? 
fans of critics' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart . 
burns' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off . 
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along . 
too clumsy in key moments . . . to make a big splash . 
it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another . 
the truth about charlie is that it's a brazenly misguided project . 
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message . 
delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas . 
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here . 
'abandon all hope , ye who enter here' . . . you should definitely let dante's gloomy words be your guide . 
a serviceable euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom  handguns , bmws and seaside chateaus . 
this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny . 
together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death . in the process , they demonstrate that there's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema . 
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes . 
works as pretty contagious fun . 
the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries . 
lisa rinzler's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension . 
 . . . gripping and handsome execution , ( but ) there isn't much about k-19 that's unique or memorable . 
certainly not a good movie , but it wasn't horrible either . 
 " 13 conversations " holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point . 
it's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction . 
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france's most inventive directors . 
the central story lacks punch . 
labute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public . 
though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes . 
it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as 'worse than expected , ' but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that . 
the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects . 
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day . 
 . . . the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor . . . 
you can practically smell the patchouli oil . 
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships . 
a moving and important film . 
`hey arnold ! ' has some visual wit . . . but little imagination elsewhere . 
yakusho and shimizu . . . create engaging characterizations in imamura's lively and enjoyable cultural mix . 
mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . 
a gorgeous , somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising . 
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty . your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but . not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow . 
passable enough for a shoot-out in the o . k . court house of life type of flick . strictly middle of the road . 
you may be galled that you've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie . 
it is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of leon's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction . 
ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year's best acting , personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum . 
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit . 
this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow . 
disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself . 
two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning . 
a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution . 
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here . 
the band's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) . 
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government/ marine/legal mystery , and that's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue . 
a cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall . 
the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness . 
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn . 
the venezuelans say things like " si , pretty much " and " por favor , go home " when talking to americans . that's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of " dragonfly . " 
 . . . the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning . 
what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking . 
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . 
though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium . 
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all . 
the thriller side of this movie is falling flat , as the stalker doesn't do much stalking , and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of actually investigating the case . 
meyjes' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil . 
grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors . 
 . . . blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves . 
instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , hart's war , like the st . louis rams in the super bowl , waits until after halftime to get started . 
there's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one . 
la cinta comienza intentando ser un drama , rpidamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible
dog soldiers doesn't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it . 
anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in 'the ring . '
unfortunately , as a writer , mr . montias isn't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor . 
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so . 
good for a few unintentional laughs , " extreme ops " was obviously made for the " xxx " crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction . 
the gags are often a stitch . 
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time . 
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you'll find in this dreary mess . 
photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic . 
warmed-over hash . 
novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach . 
a soggy , shapeless mess . . . just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie . 
it's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team . 
there's not much to fatale , outside of its stylish surprises . . . but that's ok . 
what " empire " lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart . 
shrewd but pointless . 
the format gets used best . . . to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and bmx riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups . 
the casting of von sydow . . . is itself intacto's luckiest stroke . 
a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race . 
wobbly senegalese updating of " carmen " which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai
the draw [for " big bad love " ] is a solid performance by arliss howard . 
even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy . . . even for disney . 
the performances are an absolute joy . 
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success . . . but neglects to add the magic that made it all work . 
we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas . 
slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious . 
writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted . 
ana's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique . . . 
 . . . for all its social and political potential , state property doesn't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 
secretary " is owned by its costars , spader and gyllenhaal . maggie g . makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen . 
this is carion's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach . 
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it . 
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out . 
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed . 
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper . 
it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo . 
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse . 
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings . 
a cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man . 
once you get into its rhythm . . . the movie becomes a heady experience . 
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart . 
it's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work . 
it's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . you don't want to call the cops . you want to call domino's . 
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze . 
first-time director joo pedro rodrigues' unwillingness to define his hero's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on . 
with this masterful , flawless film , [wang] emerges in the front ranks of china's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 
there's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or four more endings . 
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child . 
a mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original . 
what the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean . 
the filmmakers' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls' environment . 
takes one character we don't like and another we don't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isn't very funny . 
familiar but utterly delightful . 
 . . . a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing . 
 " home movie " is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book . 
a processed comedy chop suey . 
some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema . 
this movie is so bad , that it's almost worth seeing because it's so bad . 
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy . 
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent . 
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience . 
utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film . 
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman's similarly updated 1970 british production . 
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came . 
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy . 
with wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters' striving solipsism . 
somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates . 
even by dumb action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs . sever is a dumb action movie . 
a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness . 
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . 
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . 
highly watchable stuff . 
family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking . 
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards . 
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium . 
it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he's been making for the last several years . 
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke- at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting . 
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch . 
the tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern china in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology . 
my reaction in a word : disappointment . his last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it . 
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . 
de niro cries . you'll cry for your money back . 
nothing more substantial than a fitfully clever doodle . 
' . . . the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well . . . but quite frankly , scoob and shag don't eat enough during the film . '
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who hasn't been living under a rock ( since sept . 11 ) . 
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides . 
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart . 
a model of what films like this should be like . 
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . 
at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2-hour , dissipated length . 
schmaltzy and unfunny , adam sandler's cartoon about hanukkah is numbingly bad , little nicky bad , 10 worst list bad . 
it's clear the filmmakers weren't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination . 
 . . . a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it . 
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination . 
both deeply weird and charmingly dear . 
crummy
the film oozes craft . 
the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow . 
the only thing in pauline and paulette that you haven't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers . 
troubling and powerful . 
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film . 
simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy . 
this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better . 
the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist . 
does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer jeffrey dahmer boring . 
those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up . 
the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher . 
what was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical . 
in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 
i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back . 
the tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy . 
the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer's secondhand material . 
melodrama with a message . 
the plot's clearly mythic structure may owe more to disney's strong sense of formula than to the original story . but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 
miyazaki is one of world cinema's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . 
sluggish , tonally uneven . 
the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers . 
as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 
[gosling's] combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character . 
all in all , it's a pretty good execution of a story that's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 
smith's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes . 
you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week . 
does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively . 
pumpkin struts about with " courage " pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back . 
the characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter . 
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic . 
shiner can certainly go the distance , but isn't world championship material
rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next . 
is office work really as alienating as 'bartleby' so effectively makes it ? 
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
divertingly ridiculous , headbangingly noisy . 
the movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself . 
smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country . 
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie's presentation , which is way too stagy . 
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial . 
ostensibly celebrates middle-aged girl power , even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive . 
fulford-wierzbicki . . . deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen . 
never inspires more than an interested detachment . 
brosnan's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 
these people wouldn't know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance . 
a pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking . 
the average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town america . 
for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . 
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence . 
there's a lot of good material here , but there's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it . 
it's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller . 
most of crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness . 
spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing . 
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating . 
one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love . 
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group . . . and never fails to entertain . 
it's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast . 
manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas . 
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv's big brother . 
preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure . 
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age . 
it's immensely ambitious , different than anything that's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it's trying to do . 
rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as monsoon wedding . 
the action clichs just pile up . 
the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . 
equilibrium is what george orwell might have imagined had today's mood-altering drug therapy been envisioned by chemists in 1949 . 
it is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one . 
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce . 
 . . . a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life . 
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula . 
like these russo guys lookin' for their mamet instead found their sturges . 
despite its visual virtuosity , 'naqoyqatsi' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . 
it's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but westbrook's foundation and dalrymple's film earn their uplift . 
a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films . 
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 
it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through . 
the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously . it is also beautifully acted . 
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale . 
it's a bad action movie because there's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring . 
the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism . 
anyway , for one reason or another , crush turns into a dire drama partway through . after that , it just gets stupid and maudlin . too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it's not a total loss . 
building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise . 
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they can't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up . 
when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there's something there . it's that good . 
if you're a crocodile hunter fan , you'll enjoy at least the " real " portions of the film . if you're looking for a story , don't bother . 
we're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments . 
the tug-of-war at the core of beijing bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes . 
salma goes native and she's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon . 
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime . 
the picture is a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn . 
sometimes , fond memories should stay in the past : a lesson this film teaches all too well . 
great over-the-top moviemaking if you're in a slap-happy mood . 
it's one heck of a character study -- not of hearst or davies but of the unique relationship between them . 
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche . 
succeeds only because bullock and grant were made to share the silver screen . 
sometimes smart but more often sophomoric . 
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . 
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . 
anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women's self-actualization knows few continental divides . 
it's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack . 
merchant effectively translates naipaul's lively mix of characters from the page to screen . 
lends itself to the narcotizing bland ( sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial disney girl movie ) machinations of the biennial disney boy movie . 
based on dave barry's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters' moves and overlapping story . 
villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in bibi's generic angst ( there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows ) . 
several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare . 
i'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing's happening , or the part where something's happening , but it's stupid . 
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother's hold over her . 
it should be doing a lot of things , but doesn't . 
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . 
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making . 
berry's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making " die another day " one of the most entertaining bonds in years
a frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it's a tougher picture than it is . 
hey , at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it's heading . 
absorbing character study by andr turpin . 
there's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned , as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate , but generally , it's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance . 
witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . 
 . . . has virtually no script at all . . . 
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances . 
 " roger michell ( " notting hill " ) directs a morality thriller . " 
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy . 
 " sorority boys " was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad . 
hollywood ending just isn't very funny . 
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic . 
a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance . 
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c . walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago . 
it may sound like a mere disease-of- the-week tv movie , but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses seldahl and wollter . 
this movie may not have the highest production values you've ever seen , but it's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep . 
an ill-conceived jumble that's not scary , not smart and not engaging . 
the actors are fantastic . they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre . 
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically . 
is the time really ripe for a warmed-over james bond adventure , with a village idiot as the 007 clone ? 
leigh makes these lives count . and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range . 
teen movies have really hit the skids . 
so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise * * * . 
the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that doesn't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . 
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling . 
the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . 
unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and woo's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie's heart . 
from a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times . 
a flawed but engrossing thriller . 
it's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you don't try to look too deep into the story
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react . 
 . . . this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core . 
while much of the cast has charm -- especially allodi and nolden -- the performers are sunk by the film's primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy . 
 . . . would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie's edges . 
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film . 
by the end , you just don't care whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please ! 
what we get . . . is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons . 
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for . 
sure , i hated myself in the morning . but then again , i hate myself most mornings . i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned . 
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot . 
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility . 
barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull . 
this version of h . g . wells' time machine was directed by h . g . wells' great-grandson . they should have found orson welles' great-grandson . 
spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry . 
laughably , irredeemably awful . 
this amiable picture talks tough , but it's all bluster -- in the end it's as sweet as greenfingers . . . 
 . . . [a] strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense . 
mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty . mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness . 
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures . 
all i can say is fuhgeddaboutit . 
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being . 
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale . 
this is standard crime drama fare . . . instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull . 
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling . 
being unique doesn't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke . 
a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana . 
sheridan's take on the author's schoolboy memoir . . . is a rather toothless take on a hard young life . 
a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle . 
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ? 
worth watching for dong jie's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change . 
much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes . 
it's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . 
the film doesn't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal . 
in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . 
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being . 
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . the performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie . 
 . . . a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy . . . 
what saves it . . . and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . 
 . . . digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations . 
it all seemed wasted like deniro's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk . 
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp . 
the cameo-packed , m : i-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise . . . then mike myers shows up and ruins everything . 
ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ? 
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly . 
it's really yet another anemic and formulaic lethal weapon-derived buddy-cop movie , trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness . 
the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . 
cq's reflection of artists and the love of cinema-and-self suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best european directors . 
a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left . 
instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . 
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable . 
the simplicity of the way home has few equals this side of aesop
it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at . 
there's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . 
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish . 
to the film's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment . 
except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made . 
as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame . 
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge . 
sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ain't- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 
the movie sticks much closer to hornby's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of high fidelity did . 
a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity . 
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave . chances are you won't , either . 
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . or that the battery on your watch has died . 
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design . 
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . cinematic poetry showcases the city's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything . 
apparently writer-director attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film . 
ali's graduation from little screen to big is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier . 
drug abuse , infidelity and death aren't usually comedy fare , but turpin's film allows us to chuckle through the angst . 
unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me . i found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic . 
even if the ride's a little bumpy , with a final lap that's all too suspiciously smooth , you gotta give director roger michell , best known for the superfluous notting hill , credit for trying . 
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just won't fly with most intelligent viewers . 
 . . . a good , if not entirely fresh , look at war . 
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities . 
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin . 
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea's recent past and south korea's future adds a much needed moral weight . 
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal . 
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ? 
though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process . 
the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence . 
the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take . 
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill . 
an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash . 
the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 
a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness . 
an absorbing , slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true . 
absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way . 
has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags . 
that storytelling has value cannot be denied . not even solondz's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . 
this is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters . 
i'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . 
moore's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995's safe . 
the central character isn't complex enough to hold our interest . 
majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast . 
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste . 
although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women . 
the film's messages of tolerance and diversity aren't particularly original , but one can't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters . 
imagine o . henry's <b>the gift of the magi</b> relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc's drug scene . merry friggin' christmas ! 
you have once again entered the bizarre realm where director adrian lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal . 
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at . 
must be seen to be believed . 
no movement , no yuks , not much of anything . 
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film . 
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters . . . 
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet . 
the pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything . 
this time out , [sade] is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested . 
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . 
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters . 
weiss and speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes . 
as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital . it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . it labours as storytelling . 
mattei's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . 
it's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children . 
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it weren't . 
ozpetek's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie . 
despite its many infuriating flaws -- not the least of which is amy's self-absorbed personality -- amy's o's honesty will win you over . 
all of the filmmakers' calculations can't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . 
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse . 
there's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film's simple title . 
all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto . 
[an] hilarious romantic comedy . 
displaying about equal amounts of naivet , passion and talent , beneath clouds establishes sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential . 
take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema . 
while [hill] has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film . 
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . 
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision . 
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ? may prove to be [tsai's] masterpiece . 
on its own cinematic terms , it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist byatt . 
there's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted . 
even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , east-vs . -west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . 
weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he doesn't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 
the ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch . 
it's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay . 
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them . 
 . . . its stupidities wind up sticking in one's mind a lot more than the cool bits . 
for the most part , it's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions . 
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) . 
it may . . . work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns . 
involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters . 
twenty years later , reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task . 
a graceless , witless attempt at mating some like it hot with the wwii espionage thriller . 
dark , resonant , inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement . 
beyond a handful of mildly amusing lines . . . there just isn't much to laugh at . 
if the movie were all comedy , it might work better . but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness . 
an inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of vietnamese refugees living in u . s . relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 . 
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes . 
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest . 
the setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of " intacto's " dangerous and seductively stylish game . 
the film's greatest asset is how much it's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture . 
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky . 
fancy a real downer ? [leigh] lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race . 
[ramsay] visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor . 
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . 
even horror fans will most likely not find what they're seeking with trouble every day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor . 
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish . 
it delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for deeper meaning . 
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary . 
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget . 
its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops . 
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . 
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five . 
though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed . . . that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr . schepisi's seems skimpy and unclear . 
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera . 
after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . 
all the queen's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers . 
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . 
reno himself can take credit for most of the movie's success . he's one of the few 'cool' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness . 
because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , 'swimfan' left me with a very bad feeling . 
as part of mr . dong's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair . 
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise . it does give you a peek . the main problem being that it's only a peek . 
a silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker . 
while serving sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest austin powers extravaganza , there's nothing here to match that movie's intermittent moments of inspiration . 
observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout maelstrom . 
first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film . 
the movie is well done , but slow . 
when mr . hundert tells us in his narration that 'this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement . 
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell . 
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family . 
this isn't a stand up and cheer flick ; it's a sit down and ponder affair . and thanks to kline's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable . 
a very familiar tale , one that's been told by countless filmmakers about italian- , chinese- , irish- , latin- , indian- , russian- and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages . 
what will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 . 
the special effects and many scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original , while the oscar-winning sound and james horner's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system . 
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming . 
this is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch . 
like kubrick , soderbergh isn't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . 
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it's potentially just as rewarding . 
it's still adam sandler , and it's not little nicky . and for many of us , that's good enough . 
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is . 
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise . 
[clooney's] debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh . 
morton is , as usual , brilliant . 
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe . 
yes , one enjoys seeing joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determined monarch , but her love for the philandering philip only diminishes her stature . 
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s . 
a modest masterpiece . 
fans of nijinsky will savor every minute of cox's work . 
even when he's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . 
this film's relationship to actual tension is the same as what christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation . 
it's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold . 
though uniformly well acted , especially by young ballesta and galan ( a first-time actor ) , writer/director achero manas's film is schematic and obvious . 
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one's mother . 
while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii . 
the more kevin costner rests on his pretty-boy laurels , the public is , regrettably , going to have tepid films like dragonfly tossed at them . 
robin williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role . 
an unclassifiably awful study in self- and audience-abuse . 
dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart . 
according to wendigo , 'nature' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . 
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we don't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament . 
an ugly , revolting movie . 
[fincher's] camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller . 
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . 
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all . 
in this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian . 
workmanlike , maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies . 
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is . 
wait for it to hit cable . 
a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided . 
flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey . 
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years . 
the movie's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichd and too often strains credulity . 
poetry in motion captured on film . while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it's an entertaining and informative documentary . 
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be . 
the script isn't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman ( the actor ) can make it work . 
it is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise . 
[t]he film is never sure to make a clear point  even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation . 
skip work to see it at the first opportunity . 
too bad kramer couldn't make a guest appearance to liven things up . 
the film's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations . 
calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it's more like entertainment for trolls . 
'charly' will divide its audience in two separate groups , those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy . . . 
whether quitting will prove absorbing to american audiences is debatable . 
it's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . 
the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned . 
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own . 
it would be disingenuous to call reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex . this is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn . 
[a] poorly executed comedy . 
gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife . 
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a direct-to-video' release . 
lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless . 
it's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru . 
secretary is not a movie about fetishism . it is a movie about passion . 
about schmidt belongs to nicholson . gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances . as schmidt , nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance . 
a pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that errol morris has often dealt with . . . it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm . 
maud and roland's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but labute pulls off a neater trick in possession : he makes language sexy . 
though frodo's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle . 
though excessively tiresome , the uncertainty principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore . 
the film's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the trip . 
i would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that shouldn't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable . 
far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place . . . innocent and well-meaning . 
ah , the travails of metropolitan life ! alas , another breathless movie about same ! 
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient . 
a witty , trenchant , wildly unsentimental but flawed look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking . 
like a south-of-the-border melrose place . 
an empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility . 
directing with a sure and measured hand , [haneke] steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 
it's hard to imagine alan arkin being better than he is in this performance . 
with its hint of an awkward hitchcockian theme in tact , harmon's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone
[sen's] soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions . 
the level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter . 
this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are . 
statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british . 
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them . 
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . i can't . 
i'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it doesn't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks . 
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star . 
a brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it . 
this is a nervy , risky film , and villeneuve has inspired croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of bibi . 
there's . . . an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm . 
the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i'd care to count . 
will be far more interesting to the soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by julia roberts . . . 
as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure . 
i just saw this movie . . . well , it's probably not accurate to call it a movie . 
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances . 
audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film's tart , sugar-free wit . 
flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind . 
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance . 
sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre . 
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way . 
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director's understanding of the expressive power of the camera . 
your response to its new sequel , analyze that , may hinge on what you thought of the first film . 
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper . 
i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy . 
too slow , too long and too little happens . 
a worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant 'co-stars . '
[jackson and bledel] seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd . 
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you weren't invited to the party . 
 . . . standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added . 
the whole affair is as predictable as can be . 
 . . . a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean reno . 
it's also clear from the start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film's shortcomings start to shine through . 
a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason . 
while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy . 
it's dumb , but more importantly , it's just not scary . 
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance . 
dull , if not devoid of wit , this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history , but scarcely manages more than a modest , snoozy charm . 
a piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness . 
i would have preferred a transfer down the hall to mr . holland's class for the music , or to robin williams's lecture so i could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve . 
anyone who's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved . these people are really going to love the piano teacher . 
the 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you can't fight your culture . 
notwithstanding my problem with the movie's final half hour , i'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl-
e . t . works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet . 
this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing . 
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves . 
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused . 
holden caulfield did it better . 
whether writer-director anne fontaine's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above , it is as seductive as it is haunting . 
like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating . 
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting . 
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky's diaries . 
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece . 
what would jesus do if he was a film director ? he'd create a movie better than this . 
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . 
maryam is more timely now than ever . 
if you're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film . 
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker . it must be in the genes . 
the minor figures surrounding [bobby] . . . form a gritty urban mosaic . 
family fare . 
the date movie that franz kafka would have made . 
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge . 
when in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip . or else a doggie winks . 
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast . 
shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere . 
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . 
there's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale . 
as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . yet it's not quite the genre-busting film it's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe . 
more dutiful than enchanting . . . terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat . 
compellingly watchable . 
 if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish . 
all the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable . 
it's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible . 
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 
if you've the patience , there are great rewards here . 
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
a solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy . 
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds . 
it's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill . naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation . 
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is . 
while bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who aren't . 
time out is as serious as a pink slip . and more than that , it's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 
normally , rohmer's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable . 
the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . 
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up . 
the pianist [is] a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . here is a divine monument to a single man's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music . 
if you're burnt out on it's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you're looking for . it depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept . 
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation . . . just about as chilling and unsettling as 'manhunter' was . 
it's a pleasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock , garry shandling and colin quinn . 
the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements . 
what can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ? 
yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other's existence . 
too much power , not enough puff . 
[toback's] fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard . . . blends uneasily with the titillating material . 
given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same , we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there isn't much . 
well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin . 
zhang yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones . 
too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience . 
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch . 
that 'alabama' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) . . . 
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic . 
while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears . . . should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio . 
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing . . . the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 
a chiller resolutely without chills . 
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part . 
the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy . 
the vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination . 
it's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself . 
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching . 
they do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film . 
a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags . 
like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . 
for a film about explosions and death and spies , " ballistic : ecks vs . sever " seems as safe as a children's film . well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies . 
as befits its title , this pg-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the snuggle fabric softener bear . 
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls . 